In the fifth season the program was implemented in accordance with a new concept: one young footballer from each country was chosen to represent it.
Croup affects about 15% of children, and usually presents between the ages of 6 months and 5–6 years.
Famous footballers, including Serbian defender Branislav Ivanovich, and Dutch striker Dirk Kuyt, took part in events around the world.
More than 7,000 people visited the film's premiere in Damascus.
The culmination was the ceremony of awarding the Nine Values Cup, which was won by Barcelona football club.
In June 2014, as leader of the movement, he visited the ninth international youth football tournament in memory of Yuri Andreyevich Morozov.
The Day of Football and Friendship was celebrated in Nizhny Novgorod and Kazan.
The result of the second season of the program was the election of a leader of the Football for Friendship movement.
He then began studies of chemistry with Adolf von Baeyer and of botany with Carl Nägeli, at the Botanic Institute in Munich.
The Cup was won by Bayern football club.
Russia was represented by 11 football teams from 11 Russian cities that will host the FIFA World Cup matches in 2018.
In 1914 the First World War broke out.
The majority of the population are Catholic.
The members of each political group meet before major meetings to adopt common positions.
They are public bodies that have been given the responsibility to deal with certain elements of application of internal market legislation.
The European Union, therefore, should not take on tasks which are better suited to national, regional or local administrations.
Only the competent authorities that are directly involved in an information exchange have access to the content.
The Secretary-General is appointed for five years by the Bureau.
On this day, friendly matches, flash mobs, radio marathons, master classes, television shows, open training sessions, etc. took place.
In Greece, the event was attended by Theodoras Zagorakis, a winner of the European Football Championship 2004 with his country's national team.
The goal of the programme is to cultivate in the younger generation important values and interest in a healthy lifestyle through football.
Young participants from the Asian continent – children's football teams from Japan, China and Kazakhstan – participated in the programme for the first time.
Young journalists from the press center present their view from within the Programme, implementing the format "children about children".
After the war, the town was rebuilt.
There are 357 days remaining until the end of the year (358 in leap years).
In training, Zenit FC goalkeeper Yury Lodygin gave a high rating to Zakhar's abilities and shared the secrets of goalkeeping with him.
The Programme participants include young footballers and journalists representing 211 countries and regions of the world.
All the activities of the Football for Friendship Programme begin with the exchange of Friendship Bracelets, a symbol of equality and a healthy lifestyle.
Later the letter was sent to the heads of the UEFA, FIFA and IOC.
The winner of the International Street Football Tournament in 2014 was the Benfica junior team.
In early 2005, Columbia Records' new president, Steve Greenberg, listened to Nick's record.
The currency is the Australian dollar.
For the first time, the Football for Friendship Programme was attended by children from Mexico and the United States.
In total, junior teams from 24 football clubs from 24 countries took part in the third season.
January 17 is the 17th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar.
This holiday was celebrated for the first time in 2014 in 16 countries.
The film was nominated for three Oscars.
This experience had a strong influence on his later work.
Developmental biology studies the process by which organisms grow and develop.
Venus Express was the first Venus exploration mission of the European Space Agency (ESA).
In 1923, together with his assistant Erich Hückel, he developed an improvement of Svante Arrhenius' theory of electrical conductivity in electrolyte solutions.
In America and in our country there are nuclear weapons — terrible weapons that can kill millions of people in an instant.
For instance, the newton is defined as the force necessary to accelerate one kilogram at one metre per second squared.
The film is based on a true story.
In the early years, more than one medal was often awarded in a year, but by 1833 only one medal was being awarded per year.
Antibiotics have no effect against viral infections or against the viruses that cause the common cold.
Frans Sammut's famous last words were: “My wife and I should be going to Jerusalem, but it seems plans have changed."
Life span is up to 6 years.
He was finally dismissed from government service.
After 8–12 weeks, individuals enter the chronic phase of disease and in 60–70% it never produces further symptoms.
A few years later (1906) he published his Słownik chemiczny, the first Polish chemical dictionary.
In general we propose to discontinue further production of them and to proceed to the abolition of all the stockpiles on Earth.
Soviet people well know what a terrible thing war is.
Agricultural production is limited, only 2% of the land is arable, and most food has to be imported.
The first, wooden, triumphal arch was built hurriedly, after Romania gained its independence (1878), so that the victorious troops could march under it.
The details of this process depend on the amount and type of matter in the universe.
I will reply to you seriously and honestly.
This book is well known and loved in our country by all boys and girls.
If you aren't please tell me how you are going to help to not have a war.
It was their largest ship at the time.
The 1916 Olympics were awarded to Berlin, but canceled due to the First World War.
Members meet in their national delegations before plenary sessions and other events to discuss common positions.
Users can suggest data they think is missing on the portal and give feedback on the quality of data obtainable.
He is responsible for implementing President's and Bureau decisions and the smooth running of the CoR administration.
Over this period, it invested around €75 billion – close to 10% of the EU budget – on employment-enhancing projects.
The initial objective was the definition of XML Standard for trademark information exchange.
As head of the CoR administration, the Secretary-General must not hold a political mandate.
The CoR can also draw up an opinion on its own initiative, which enables it to put issues on the EU agenda.
Some of the metadata (e.g. names of the data providers and geographical coverage) are in 24 languages.
The level of ESF funding differs from one region to another depending on their relative wealth.
The European Social Agenda also plays a role in shaping the priorities of ESF spending.
The EU Open Data Portal is the point of access to public data published by the EU institutions, agencies and other bodies.
Certification and auditing authorities are also appointed to monitor and ensure compliance of expenditure to the ESF regulation.
Winners from previous years are invited to perform as special guests.
Once the strategy and budget allocation have been agreed, a shared approach to programming is taken.
The interface is in 24 EU official languages, but most metadata are currently available in a limited number of languages (English, French and German).
From the portal, users can access data published on the websites of the various institutions, agencies and other bodies of the EU.
The Member States designate national ESF management authorities that are responsible for selecting projects, disbursing funds, and evaluating the progress and results of projects.
These common priorities are then taken up in the Employment Guidelines and incorporated into the National Reform Programmes prepared by the individual Member States.
By 1903 the Ukrainian immigrant population in Western Canada had become large enough to attract the attention of religious leaders, politicians, and educationalists.
Competent authorities are the end users of IMI.
It was originally designed to translate between closely related languages, although it has recently been expanded to treat more divergent language pairs.
Steroids are given routinely, with epinephrine used in severe cases.
IMI allows public administrations at national, regional and local level to identify their counterparts in other countries and to exchange information with them.
A graph that contains a Hamiltonian cycle is called a Hamiltonian graph.
The ulcer may be larger inside than at the surface of the skin, and can be surrounded by swelling.
It may also apply to animals or plants.
They are drawn up with the help of outside experts.
Viral pneumonia accounts for about 200 million cases.
A single dose is usually all that is required, and is generally considered to be quite safe.
The process is not completed yet.
The International Children's Press Center unites the winners of the Best Young Journalist national contests, young bloggers, photographers and writers.
Nizhny Novgorod hosted a friendly match for young footballers from Volga FC, and adult players from the club conducted warm-up and training for the children.
Mercury consists of approximately 70% metallic and 30% silicate material.
At the end of the Forum, the participants followed the tradition of attending the UEFA Champions League Final.
In Moscow, with the support of the Sports Federation of the Blind, an Equal Opportunity Tournament was organized.
Cervantes' influence on the Spanish language has been so great that the language is often called la lengua de Cervantes ("the language of Cervantes").
This is what the great founder of our state, Vladimir Lenin, taught us.
It shares a border with every South American country except Ecuador and Chile.
Yes, Samantha, we in the Soviet Union are trying to do everything so that there will not be war on Earth.
Euler's identity is named after the Swiss mathematician Leonhard Euler.
Pavia fell after a siege of three years, in 572, becoming the first capital city of the new Lombard kingdom of Italy.
Apollo 12 was the sixth manned flight in the United States Apollo program and the second to land on the Moon.
Order of the British Empire, founded by King George V of the United Kingdom on 4 June 1917.
As a result, he considered the main task of military leaders to consist in the extensive preparation of all possible outcomes.
The palazzo is now the largest museum complex in Florence.
Fokker was a Dutch aircraft manufacturer named after its founder, Anthony Fokker.
The marriage was suggested as a way of creating friendship between Denmark and Sweden.
Their life expectancy is at least 10 years.
The municipal flag of Jerusalem is based on the flag of Israel.
The upperside is blue and the underside is green.
Educated Greek slaves were much in demand in Rome in the role of doctors and teachers, and educated men were a significant export.
While Greenberg did not like the album, he did like Nick's voice.
While Lake Kyoga is part of the African Great Lakes system, it is not itself considered a great lake.
The observations suggest 73% of the total energy density of today's universe is in this form.
Only two months after graduation, he published his first paper, on Albert Einstein's theory of general relativity.
Like many other medical conditions, obesity is the result of an interplay between genetic and environmental factors.
There is no specific treatment for the disease.
Grabowski was in charge of the first Esperanto courses for a few schools in Warsaw.
The film contains excerpts from speeches given by various Nazi leaders at the Congress, including Adolf Hitler.
Palladian architecture is a European style of architecture derived from and inspired by the designs of the Venetian architect Andrea Palladio (1508–1580).
She is named after French statesman and general Charles de Gaulle.
The UNHCR itself was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1954 and 1981.
Anaphylaxis is a severe allergic reaction of rapid onset affecting many body systems.
Heyerdahl advanced a theory according to which the Canaries had been bases of ancient shipping between America and the Mediterranean.
No one in our country–neither workers, peasants, writers nor doctors, neither grown-ups nor children, nor members of the government–want either a big or 'little' war.
Treatment requires the use of multiple antibiotics over a long period of time.
During the festival, there were friendly football matches and other events.
The Moon illusion is an optical illusion which causes the Moon to appear larger near the horizon than it does higher up in the sky.
After several more uprisings, the Saxons suffered definitive defeat in 804.
Analyses of the Moon's time-variable rotations indicate that the core is at least partly molten.
In Roman mythology, Neptune was the god of the sea, identified with the Greek Poseidon.
It is also capable of engaging more targets simultaneously.
Heavy monsoon rains around July and August cause occasional landslides that can block the road for hours or more.
In January 2003, she enrolled at the Stockholm University where she began studies in art history.
The route of the KKH traces one of the many paths of the ancient Silk Road.
Sensory systems code for four aspects of a stimulus; type (modality), intensity, location, and duration.
Since 2010 he writes a monthly column for the magazine Joods Actueel, the most widely circulated Jewish publication in Belgium.
The population accepted the overlordship of the King of Norway, although it continued to have its own law.
Ørsted made a significant contribution to chemistry by producing aluminium for the first time.
He was the curator of the first monographic exhibition about the Zamoyski Library.
The city was first established as the seat of the British colonial government.
The Diseases Database is a free website that provides information about the relationships between medical conditions, symptoms, and medications.
This relationship aroused many reactions and even Pericles' own son, Xanthippus, who had political ambitions, did not hesitate to slander his father.
Some astronomers believe that ring galaxies are formed when a smaller galaxy passes through the center of a larger galaxy.
The film's overriding theme is the return of Germany as a great power, with Hitler as the leader who will bring glory to the nation.
Several other League One clubs were interested in him.
This time, he was not alone: he took in a nephew and his female friend, Jutei, who were both recovering from illness.
The lyrics were changed to remove mentions of Joseph Stalin.
They are of no economic importance.
He usually plays as left-wing or left-back.
A special Commission for Financial and Administrative Affairs (CFAA) is also established to assist the CoR Bureau.
By ensuring easy and free access to data, their innovative use and economic potential can be enhanced.
The members of the CoR meet in plenary session in Brussels six times a year, to discuss and adopt opinions, reports and resolutions.
The bracelet consists of two threads of blue and green, and it can be worn by anyone who shares the program's values.
Resolutions enable the Committee to express its view on important and topical issues.
The ceremony is recorded by the Dutch public broadcasting channel NOS/NTR and broadcast through NED3.
Most stars are between 1 billion and 10 billion years old.
ESF success stories: over 70 success stories showing how ESF projects have helped improve peoples’ working lives across Europe.
Thus, the project united young players of four continents — Africa, Eurasia, North America and South America.
While strategy definition is done at EU level, implementation of ESF funding is the responsibility of EU Member States and regions.
On 12 March 1999 the Czech Republic, along with Poland and Hungary, became a member of NATO.
Some legislation also requires communication between Member States and the European Commission (for example for the notification of national implementing measures of European Union law).
The strategy defines the objectives of ESF funding, which it shares partly or wholly with other structural funding.
Within the European Union local and regional authorities have lobbied for an increased say in EU affairs.
The convergence objective: to stimulate growth and employment in the least-developed regions.
In severe cases associated with influenza A or B, the antiviral neuraminidase inhibitors may be administered.
The goal of the portal is also to make the institutions and other EU bodies more transparent and accountable.
The Joint Research Centre of the European Commission is responsible for providing technical and scientific support to the initiative.
The strategy also lays down broad priority axes – the actions required to achieve the objectives and which are eligible for funding.
In March 1994 the CoR holds its first plenary session in Brussels.
SnatchBot software is a free cloud-based chatbot creation tool designed for social networks.
The ESF strategy and budget is negotiated between the EU member states, the European Parliament and the EU Commission.
Woodard is known for his replicas of the Dreamachine, a mildly psychoactive lamp, which have been exhibited in art museums throughout the world.
He was elected to the State Duma as a member of the Communist Party.
The ESF is managed through seven-year programming cycles.
There is one national IMI coordinator (NIMIC) per Member State, often located in a national ministry.
With the awards, the European Commission aims to stimulate the cross-border circulation of popular music repertoire and to highlight Europe's great musical diversity.
Economic factors include economic growth, interest rates, exchange rates, inflation rate.
When a competent authority needs information from a counterpart abroad, it can send a request for information.
The portal is a key instrument of the EU open data strategy.
With a surface of 84 km² it is the largest natural lake in Iceland.
In this capacity, he proposed a sister city relationship with Nueva Germania, Paraguay.
IMI aims to "become a flexible toolkit at the service of administrative cooperation, contributing to the improved governance of the Internal Market."
Bacteria can spread also via the blood.
Any society in which the guarantee of rights is not assured, nor the separation of powers determined, has no Constitution.
In the very old and the very young, symptoms may be vague or non-specific.
Upon Charlemagne's death on 28 January 814 in Aachen, he was buried in his own Palace Chapel at Aachen.
An example of such a repository is the directory of registers maintained by competent authorities throughout the European Economic Area.
Rurik remained in power until his death in 879.
This exchange mechanism uses lists of pre-translated questions and answers available in all EU languages.
When used as such, it means that no side gains or loses territory or economic and political rights.
Although Earth's high density results appreciably from gravitational compression, particularly at the core, Mercury is much smaller and its inner regions are not as compressed.
The disease was first described in 1909 by the Brazilian physician Carlos Chagas, after whom it is named.
Children with oxygen saturations under 92% should receive oxygen, and those with severe croup may be hospitalized for observation.
A practical example of an information request is when a German teacher would like to continue his activities in Portugal.
The roots are deep and robust.
While epinephrine typically produces a reduction in croup severity within 10–30 minutes, the benefits last for only about 2 hours.
When the immune system responds to the infection, even more lung damage may occur.
The republic's capital was Tbilisi, and its state language was Georgian.
Antibiotics by mouth, rest, simple analgesics, and fluids usually suffice for complete resolution.
While children often do not have symptoms when infected, they are still able to infect others.
Nea Salamina's most notable achievements were its victories in the Cypriot Cup and the Cypriot Super Cup in 1990.
The content of a repository can be accessed either by a restricted group of competent authorities or by all IMI users.
While other treatments for croup have been studied, none has sufficient evidence to support its use.
His family life was not happy.
Symptoms usually improve within two days, but may last for up to seven days.
During the night, both armies consolidated their lines.
It occurs about five times more frequently in the developing world than in the developed world.
He moved to Formula One in 2007.
As a child, he participated in several plays.
With treatment, less than 0.2% of children require endotracheal intubation.
At the wedding of Peleus and Thetis, all the deities were invited except the goddess of discord, Eris.
At this time the Russian Orthodox Church was spending $100,000 a year for missionary work in North America.
The U.S. formally apologized to Guatemala for conducting these experiments.
He published pictures of them in the local newspapers with their names printed across their chests, as if they were criminals.
The French crusaders met at Étampes to discuss their route.
At that time he was already seriously ill.
Dengue can also be transmitted via infected blood products and through organ donation.
Maximum plasma concentration is reached in 1–2 hours.
IMI has been developed in order to facilitate this day-to-day exchange of information.
There is a large difference in temperature between summer and winter.
As well as damaging the lungs, many viruses simultaneously affect other organs and thus disrupt other body functions.
The portal contains a very wide variety of high-value open data across EU policy domains, including the economy, employment, science, environment and education.
The Maastricht Treaty is signed, leading to the creation of the European Union.
Seven-year Operational Programmes are planned by Member States and their regions together with the European Commission.
It encourages workers to take charge of their working lives through lifelong training, adapting to change and mobility.
It may consist of a single component or it may be a mixture of components.
Further investigations—such as blood tests, X-rays, and cultures—are usually not needed.
All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights.
In May 2013, players from the Maribor junior football club (Slovenia) held a charity friendly match with Cambodian children.
The first Games were held in 1965 in Brazzaville, Congo.
The European Community adopts the European flag.
Among the settlements were the major urban centres of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro, as well as Lothal, Dholavira, Ganeriwala, and Rakhigarhi.
Respiratory rate is the number of breaths per minute.
Tracks will be standard gauge at 1435mm.
Garbage collection was invented by John McCarthy around 1959 to simplify manual memory management in Lisp.
The championships are awarded to whichever driver and constructor have the most points at the end of the season.
To date, over 1,052 cities and settlements have been found, mainly in the general region of the Ghaggar-Hakra River and its tributaries.
Also in 1923, Debye developed a theory to explain the Compton effect, the shifting of the frequency of X-rays when they interact with electrons.
I hope that you know about this from your history lessons in school.
A mid-sized yellow dwarf star, like the Sun, will remain on the main sequence for about 10 billion years.
The winner was chosen by the children who, on the eve of the Forum, took part in global voting held in all 24 participating countries.
Teams participating in the championship are formed during an Open Draw.
The movie is much different than the book.
Your question is the most important of those that every thinking man can pose.
An English translation was published in the Galpin Society Journal in 1961.
The Italian War of 1521–26, sometimes known as the Four Years' War, was a part of the Italian Wars.
During the German occupation from 1941 until 1944, the flag was accepted as the ethnic flag of Estonians but not the national flag.
A Regional Internet Registry (RIR) is an organization that manages the allocation and registration of Internet number resources within a particular region of the world.
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band is the eighth studio album by the English rock band the Beatles.
Another short explosive eruption in January 1929 also included an apparent pyroclastic flow and a lava flow.
In honor of their fifth year of marriage, Gellar legally changed her name to Sarah Michelle Prinze.
Shortly after its discovery, Neptune was referred to simply as "the planet exterior to Uranus" or as "Le Verrier's planet".
In the winter of 1682 his hut burned down, and shortly afterwards, in early 1683, his mother died.
The sea's deepest point is the Cayman Trough, between the Cayman Islands and Jamaica, at 7,686 m (25,217 ft) below sea level.
OpenStreetMap (OSM) is a collaborative project to create a free editable map of the world.
The first of two spacecraft to visit the planet was Mariner 10, which mapped about 45% of its surface from 1974 to 1975.
In ancient times, the sea was the birthplace of two ancient civilizations – the Minoans of Crete and the Myceneans of the Peloponnese.
The flag of Europe is used to represent both the European Union and the Council of Europe.
The Draw was held in Internet conference mode.
At the age of 65, he climbed to the summit of Mount Everest.
Eating a lot of white rice appears to play a role in increasing risk.
Among Christians, Invidia is one of the Seven Deadly Sins.
In 2001, when Cyrus was eight, she and her family moved to Toronto, Ontario, Canada while her father filmed the television series Doc.
The axe is the martyr axe of St. Olav, the weapon used to kill him in the battle of Stiklestad in 1030.
The stadium was the main venue for the 1990 Asian Games, where the opening and closing ceremonies were held.
He was the father of five children.
Robert Koch announces the discovery of Mycobacterium tuberculosis, the bacterium responsible for tuberculosis.
A medical doctor specializing in psychiatry is a psychiatrist.
Jupiter is the fifth planet from the Sun and the largest in the Solar System.
Oriana Fallaci was an Italian journalist, author, and political interviewer.
If due to a virus, the condition usually resolves within one week.
Planck time is the time light takes to travel one Planck length.
He lives with a mild form of Marfan syndrome.
They had grown up on estates purchased by their father Gratian the Elder in Africa and Britain.
The outermost layer of the atmosphere contains crystals of frozen ammonia.
Many important chemical compounds are derived from benzene by replacing one or more of its hydrogen atoms with another functional group.
Her performance earned her a Young Artist Award.
The island can only be reached by boat as it has no airport.
Their trade network covered much of Europe, North Africa, the Middle East, Central Asia and parts of India and China.
Peel refused to govern under the restrictions imposed by the Queen, and consequently resigned his commission, allowing Melbourne to return to office.
Extinction is the disappearance of an entire species.
In other words, Denmark became a modern country, which meant new demands on the monarchy.
The most prominent of these was his nephew Flavius Petrus Sabbatius, whom he adopted as his son and invested with the name Iustinianus (Justinian).
Understanding this earliest of eras in the history of the universe is currently one of the greatest unsolved problems in physics.
It consumed 13,200 houses, 87 parish churches, St Paul's Cathedral, and most of the buildings of the City authorities.
Perth is the capital of Western Australia.
The Jewish leaders accepted it, but the Arab leaders rejected this plan.
Each of the stripes is one-third of the width of the flag.
They almost never received education after childhood.
Under the Fourth Republic (1946–58), the federation was represented in the French parliament.
All seven astronauts aboard were killed.
Murphy's Law means anything that can go wrong will go wrong.
The name Chersonesos in Greek means "peninsula", and aptly describes the site on which the colony was established.
This was a radical choice, since, at the time, few women could support themselves by writing.
Samples of body fluids and tissues from people with the disease should be handled with special caution.
The state's capital is Baton Rouge, and its largest city is New Orleans.
The coronation gave permanent legitimacy to Carolingian primacy among the Franks.
The first mention of Akureyri is in court records from 1562 when a woman was sentenced there for adultery.
It was founded by Sweden in 1910, and sold to the Soviet Union in 1927.
Speke continued and found the actual source, Lake Victoria.
A form of oath sworn by all the citizens since the 3rd century BC has survived to the present day.
The institute consists of four schools—Historical Studies, Mathematics, Natural Sciences, and Social Sciences; there is also a program in theoretical biology.
Her parents nicknamed her "Smiley", which they later shortened to "Miley", because she often smiled as an infant.
Until 796, Charles continued to expand the kingdom even farther southeast, into today's Austria and parts of Croatia.
Dunning–Kruger effect is a cognitive bias in which unskilled individuals suffer from illusory superiority, mistakenly rating their ability much higher than average.
Japan was the first country to build dedicated railway lines for high-speed travel.
Humans have no right to reduce this richness and diversity except to satisfy vital needs.
About one million years ago, snow and ice accumulated, forming glaciers at the higher alpine meadows that moved down the river valleys.
The uplift increased the steepness of stream and river beds, resulting in the formation of deep, narrow canyons.
Supplies would be landed at Rangoon (now Yangon) and moved by rail to Lashio, where the road started in Burma.
Present human interference with the nonhuman world is excessive, and the situation is rapidly worsening.
The work premiered on 9 February 1893 at La Scala, Milan.
The road has given mountaineers and cyclists easier access to the many high mountains, glaciers, and lakes in the area.
They invited state representatives to convene in Philadelphia to discuss improvements to the federal government.
This brought the US into World War II on the side of the Allies.
During the Anglo-Irish War the Castle was the nerve centre of the British effort against Irish separatism.
Two numbers of the same order of magnitude have roughly the same scale: the larger value is less than ten times the smaller value.
Apart from his mother tongue, he was eventually able to speak nine additional languages and passively to use at least another 15.
French colonial authorities imprisoned him from 1930 to 1936 and again from 1939 to 1944.
Her parents divorced shortly after her birth.
In the winter of 1683 his disciples gave him a second hut in Edo, but his spirits did not improve.
The two countries were in a tense situation after Sweden had not assisted Denmark during the war with Prussia in 1864.
The life expectancy is 4–6 years.
Infants can carry these bacteria without developing symptoms.
Transmission may occur from drinking contaminated water or when people share personal objects.
It has a stout body and short legs.
After the war he entered politics.
They may live up to 13 years.
Because of that, when Poland regained her independence in 1918, there was no central institution to serve in the capacity of a national library.
In 1853 he wrote a memoir on the algebraic solvability of equations extending the work of Évariste Galois on the theory of equations.
Only 1800 manuscripts and 30,000 printed materials from the original library survived the war.
The Ukrainians on the prairies accepted him as a traveling holy man, a tradition which goes back to the very beginnings of Christianity.
With the accession of Bulgaria and Romania, the number of CoR members rises from 317 to 344.
Funded by the European Commission, the CoMO is responsible for the overall co-ordination of the initiative.
Each commission has approximately 100 members (each member can be part of two commissions) and is supported by a secretariat within the administration.
In light of this, provinces, regions, networks and groupings of municipalities have a crucial role to play in helping signatories honour their commitments.
Signatories of the Covenant of Mayors voluntarily commit to increasing energy efficiency and the use of renewable energy sources on their territories.
The First Vice-President is also elected by the plenary assembly for two-and-a-half years and represents the President in the latter's absence.
To advance his plan, Woodard traveled to the erstwhile vegetarian/feminist utopia and met with its municipal leadership.
The objectives of Europe 2020 shape the priorities of the ESF.
This fear is not without grounds.
Yuri Vashchuk gave Kirill Shimko a symbolic Friendship Bracelet, thereby passing to him the baton in promoting the projects ideals: friendship, fairness, healthy lifestyle.
It uses Virtuoso as an RDF database and has a SPARQL endpoint.
The Lisbon Treaty extends the term of office of CoR members from four to five years.
They can function on national, regional or local level.
The funds are redistributive financial instruments that support cohesion within Europe by concentrating spending on the less-developed regions.
Then they defeated their new neighbours, the Vandals.
The last programming cycle of the ESF ran from 2007 to 2013 under the banner 'Investing in People'.
Most of the data accessible via the EU Open Data Portal are covered by the legal notice of the Europa website.
Development and maintenance has been funded by the programme Interoperability Solutions for European Public Administrations (ISA) since July 2010.
Generally, data can be used for free for commercial and non-commercial purposes, provided the source is acknowledged.
ESF spending amounts to around 10% of the EU's total budget.
The other principal character was Bishop Seraphim, whose real name was Stefan Ustvolsky.
Overall, pregnancy does not seem to influence long-term disability.
It also manages and supports the network of IMI coordinators, promotes further expansion of IMI and reports on the functioning of the system.
After middle school he held several different jobs.
The Intel 4040 microprocessor was the successor to the Intel 4004.
The Logistics and Translations Directorates are jointly managed with the European Economic and Social Committee.
Only their fourth child, Titus, who was born in 1641, survived into adulthood.
The Treaty also makes it possible for the Committee to be consulted by the European Parliament.
Uranus has 27 known natural satellites.
The Palestinian Authority arrested him for allegedly blaspheming against Islam on Facebook and in blog posts.
She spent a total of more than 343 hours in space.
Leonardo's vision was resurrected in 2001 when a smaller bridge based on his design was constructed in Norway.
Specifically, political factors have areas including tax policy, labour law, environmental law, trade restrictions, tariffs, and political stability.
The eligible regions for the current ESF programming round (2007–2013) are shown on the map.
Recurrences are common, with nearly half of people getting a second infection within a year.
The three ossicles transmit sound from the outer ear to the inner ear.
IMI information repositories are databases storing specific information for certain policy areas.
He believed that his priests were more than adequate for the needs of the Ukrainian population.
Treatment of the first stage is with the medications pentamidine or suramin.
Israel's two official languages are Hebrew and Arabic.
As a child, he also had asthma.
In rare cases, it may occur in children as young as 3 months and as old as 15 years.
The British Museum opens to the public.
In 1927, he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.
The early stage of the infection is characterised by a painless nodule or area of swelling.
During the autumn of 2001, she lived in London, where she studied English.
Lymph node enlargement frequently occurs around the area of infection, occurring seven to 10 days after chancre formation.
About half of those with schizophrenia use drugs or alcohol excessively.
The green is the symbol of Islam.
In 1552 the town was ransacked by the Turks.
Salvador Allende is elected President of Chile.
There are several actors that play a role in the IMI network.
This decrease in atomic radius also causes the ionization energy to increase when moving from left to right across a period.
If the condition remains improved for 2–4 hours after treatment and no other complications arise, the child is typically discharged from the hospital.
Due to the pre-translated question and answer sets, both authorities can communicate in their own language.
The operational management of the portal is the task of the Publications Office of the European Union.
Notifications are based on one-to-many information exchanges where authorities can alert or notify one or more competent authorities and/or the European Commission.
Increased rates among heterosexuals have occurred in China and Russia since the 1990s.
Many of these genes are related to the immune system or modulating inflammation.
Malawi is a landlocked country in southeast Africa.
It is the smallest of the three palaces built by King Ludwig II of Bavaria and the only one which he lived to see completed.
Whether these differences are the direct cause or the result of obesity has yet to be determined unequivocally.
NATO adopted sarin as a standard chemical weapon, and both the USSR and the United States produced sarin for military purposes.
In both children and adults, there is an association between television viewing time and the risk of obesity.
This objective receives more than 80% of total ESF funding.
The only remaining region of the world where obesity is not common is sub-Saharan Africa.
From that time until 1940, epidemics were infrequent.
The central nave is twice as wide as the side aisles.
The common cold is a viral infection of the upper respiratory tract.
Isaac Newton contended that light is made up of numerous small particles.
Many cultures throughout history have viewed obesity as the result of a character flaw.
His mother Rivka Gina Daum hailed from a prosperous trader family in Sopron, Hungary.
His successor, Ratchis, declared the duchies of Spoleto and Benevento foreign countries where it was forbidden to travel without royal permission.
Typically, people infected with dengue virus are asymptomatic (80%) or have only mild symptoms such as an uncomplicated fever.
We want peace for ourselves and for all peoples of the planet.
Copenhagen, the capital of Denmark, is located partly on the eastern shore of Zealand and partly on the island of Amager.
MusicBrainz captures information about artists, their recorded works, and the relationships between them.
Similar findings have been made in other types of heart disease.
This contradiction cannot be resolved by classical physics.
The symptoms of the common cold are believed to be primarily related to the immune response to the virus.
It was developed by the European Commission together with the Member States of the European Union to speed up cross-border administrative cooperation.
A link to these conditions can be found for each dataset.
Another test, urine microscopy, looks for the presence of red blood cells, white blood cells, or bacteria.
It often takes a few weeks before most symptoms resolve.
Specific medications for asthma are broadly classified into fast-acting and long-acting categories.
The Battle of the Milvian Bridge shows the battle that took place on 28 October 312 between the Roman Emperors Constantine I and Maxentius.
While the throat always contains bacteria, potentially infectious ones reside there only at certain times and under certain conditions.
Other factors that play an important role include social isolation and immigration related to social adversity, racial discrimination, family dysfunction, unemployment, and poor housing conditions.
The European Commission is responsible for maintenance and development of the tool, helpdesk services and training.
When placed over a flame, lithium compounds give off a striking crimson color, but when it burns strongly the flame becomes a brilliant silver.
Tuberculosis may become a chronic illness and cause extensive scarring in the upper lobes of the lungs.
In addition, a cough is frequently absent in children less than 2 months old.
All designs feature the 12 stars of the EU and the year of imprint.
Pneumonia believed to be due to bacteria is treated with antibiotics.
Otis Elevator Company, is the world's largest manufacturer of vertical transportation systems today, principally elevators and escalators.
In 40% of men and 23% of women diagnosed with schizophrenia, the condition manifested itself before the age of 19.
Nelson Mandela is released from prison after serving 27 years.
Secondary syphilis occurs approximately four to ten weeks after the primary infection.
Around 2,733 km2 of the delta are strictly protected areas.
The majority of the special effects were done by Industrial Light & Magic.
Bank Norwegian AS is a Norwegian internet bank which provides loans, credit cards and savings accounts to consumers.
Tokyo MX was founded on April 30, 1993, and broadcasts commenced on November 1, 1995.
In areas where more than 20% of the population is affected, treating everyone at regular intervals is recommended.
The war was also fought at sea.
He participated in the Spanish Civil War.
Latvia adopts the euro as its currency, becoming the 18th member of the euro area.
Upon his return, he discovered the betrayal and promptly excommunicated all the priests involved in this treachery.
If a tuberculosis infection does become active, it most commonly involves the lungs (in about 90% of cases).
Thus if urine testing shows signs of an infection - even in the absence of symptoms - treatment is recommended.
Geoffrey Malaterra bluntly states that Bohemond took the Cross with the intention of plundering and conquering Greek lands.
Most people with the disease are poor, and most do not realize they are infected.
In the developed world during the early 20th century, infections declined rapidly with the widespread use of antibiotics, until the 1980s and 1990s.
Greek culture was a powerful influence in the Roman Empire, which carried a version of it to many parts of Europe.
As the disease worsens, bone can be infected.
Bacterial and viral cases of pneumonia usually present with similar symptoms.
A rare event in astronomy is the passage of one planet in front of another (occultation), as seen from Earth.
Its seeds are dispersed by ants.
If the symptoms worsen, the pneumonia does not improve with home treatment, or complications occur, hospitalization may be required.
He is the youngest of four brothers.
Of his early years there is no account.
The temperature difference between summer and winter is relatively high, due to the landlocked geographical position.
He was born to Italian immigrants.
The crusaders decided to attack Damascus from the west, where orchards would provide them with a constant food supply.
It contains living bacteria, and thus can spread the infection.
Guinea worm disease has been known since ancient times.
This relationship became known as Hubble's law.
In 1946 it became part of independent Syria.
Popocatépetl is 70 km (43 mi) southeast of Mexico City, from where it can be seen regularly, depending on atmospheric conditions.
The CoR's political groups or 32 CoR members can draw up resolutions.
The visualisations catalogue offers a collection of visualisation tools, training and re-usable visualisations for all levels of data visualisation expertise, from beginner to expert.
Most officers are too old and have to be replaced by young ones.
For the current ESF funding cycle these objectives are: The regional competitiveness and employment objective: to reinforce regional competitiveness, employment and attractiveness for investment.
David Woodard is an American writer and conductor.
Admission to hospital is rarely necessary.
It has an area of 174.2 km² and is the largest protected area of the country.
For many years, it was the longest dinosaur known.
In convergence regions, ESF co-financing of projects can reach 85% of total costs.
In regional competitiveness and employment regions, 50% co-financing is more common.
Now he moved up rapidly in the military hierarchy.
Abu Nuwas is considered one of the greats of classical Arabic literature.
Tinnitus is not a disease but a symptom that can result from a number of underlying causes.
In 1990 Woodard invented a fictional psychoactive machine, the Feraliminal Lycanthropizer, effects of which are purportedly opposite those of a Dreamachine.
These Operational Programmes describe the fields of activity that will be funded, which can be geographical or thematic.
They are found mainly in tropical and subtropical regions.
In 2000, the church was refurbished both internally and externally.
After the Unification of Italy of 1865, Syracuse regained its status of provincial capital.
That day corresponded to February 29 in the Julian calendar and to March 11 in the Gregorian calendar.
A square matrix is a matrix with the same number of rows and columns.
The unusually high concentration of oxygen gas on Earth is the result of the oxygen cycle.
In a friendly match in Novosibirsk, disabled children took part – the Novosibirsk region team Yermak-Sibir.
The Universal Mobile Telecommunications System (UMTS) is one of the new ’third generation’ 3G mobile cellular communication systems.
UEFA was founded on 15 June 1954 in Basel, Switzerland after consultation between the Italian, French, and Belgian associations.
Panettiere first appeared in commercials at the age of eleven months, beginning with an advertisement for a Playskool toy train.
A drunkard who drinks to forget the shame of drinking.
The first performance was given on 14 December 1918 at the Metropolitan Opera in New York City.
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C., commonly referred to as Ascoli, is an Italian football club based in Ascoli Piceno, Marche.
Richness and diversity of life forms contribute to the realization of these values and are also values in themselves.
Following his space flight, Titov assumed various senior positions in the Soviet space programme until his retirement in 1992.
During that time he also spent some time in Copenhagen with Niels Bohr.
The vast majority of these are Protestants.
Rexx (Restructured Extended Executor) is an interpreted programming language developed at IBM by Mike Cowlishaw.
Within a few days, peace talks resumed in Moscow.
The treaty was opened for signature on 16 September 1987, and entered into force on 1 January 1989.
In addition they have the ability to use a shield.
Media followed her every step—photographs and articles about her were published by the main Soviet newspapers and magazines throughout her trip and after it.
Among his teachers was Pietro Mascagni, who regarded him highly.
Nevertheless, he continued his work on Esperanto until his death from a heart attack in 1921.
The Red Army invaded the territory of Poland from the east.
The pain may be worse at night and may increase over time to become severe and unremitting.
Frederick IX was King of Denmark from 1947 to 1972.
Watson received an Otto Award from the German magazine Bravo for her performance.
In 1814 Christiania once more became a real capital when the union with Denmark was dissolved.
The International Chemistry Olympiad (IChO) is an annual academic competition for high school students.
The "Marcha Real" is the national anthem of Spain.
His influence over Confederate strategy was lessened by his poor professional relationships with President Jefferson Davis and other senior generals and officials.
The teams are organized on the principle of Football for Friendship: athletes of different nationalities, sex and physical abilities play in the same team.
The Hungarian delegation signed the treaty under protest on 4 June 1920 at the Grand Trianon Palace in Versailles, France.
The first woman to reach the summit was Marie Paradis in 1808.
A year later, Watson again starred as Hermione in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, the second instalment of the series.
Stress always falls on the last syllable of a word.
The atmospheric pressure is around 1/1000 of the pressure at sea level.
A battle is a combat in warfare between two or more armed forces, or combatants.
Soap bubbles usually last for only a few seconds before bursting, either on their own or on contact with another object.
A robot may not injure humanity, or, by inaction, allow humanity to come to harm.
The first commercially available phone running Android was the HTC Dream (also known as the T-Mobile G1).
Also in 1972 the United States started the Landsat program, the largest program for acquisition of imagery of Earth from space.
UB40 are an English reggae and pop band, formed in December 1978 in Birmingham, England.
A critical mass is the smallest amount of fissile material needed for a sustained nuclear chain reaction.
He felt sure the earth was round.
Que was a journalist for many years.
The Order's motto is For God and the Empire.
God Save Our Solomon Islands is the national anthem of Solomon Islands.
The most widely spoken Chadic language is Hausa, a lingua franca of much of inland Eastern West Africa.
The Kingdom of Jerusalem was a Christian kingdom established in the Levant in 1099 as a result of the First Crusade.
Farming in Egypt was dependent on the cycle of the Nile River.
In 1942, he published his autobiography, The Secret Life of Salvador Dalí.
1024 is the natural number following 1023 and preceding 1025.
Euler mastered Russian and settled into life in Saint Petersburg.
He also completed his academic studies in history, sociology, political science, tax law, and economics at Uppsala University and later Economics at Stockholm University.
Later he served as Secretary of the Akkademja tal-Malti (Maltese Language Academy).
After her father inherited the title of Earl Spencer, she became known as Lady Diana Spencer.
Accordingly, Frederick became a Prince of Denmark in 1853.
If implantation does not occur within approximately two weeks, the corpus luteum will involute, causing a sharp drop in levels of both progesterone and estrogen.
The account continues until 1305, but the years 898–922, 1263–83 and 1288–94 are missing for reasons unknown.
She was awarded honorary doctorates from Columbia University in 1964 and from the University of Copenhagen in 1968, as well as numerous honorific memberships.
It was praised by Einstein; published as a monograph, it remains a standard reference on the subject to this day.
The city was destroyed by the Huns in 447, but was rebuilt by Byzantine Emperor Justinian in the 6th century and was renamed Triaditsa.
The attack involved two corps in the main assault and two corps performing diversionary attacks at Ypres.
In the autumn of 2004, she began a course in ethnology at the same university.
International Mother Language Day (IMLD) is a worldwide annual observance held on 21 February to promote awareness of linguistic and cultural diversity and promote multilingualism.
Radioactive waste is waste that contains radioactive material.
El Diario La Prensa is New York's largest Spanish-language daily and the oldest in the nation.
The last king to be crowned here was Ferdinand I in 1531.
Thermoregulation is the ability of an organism to keep its body temperature within certain boundaries, even when the surrounding temperature is very different.
Due to his parents' poverty, Grabowski had to start working soon after leaving elementary school.
He discovered a relationship between the redshift of a galaxy and its distance.
They spent the latter portion of the year on a tour with Aly & AJ and The Cheetah Girls.
I would give the coming generations a weapon against any resurgence of such evil.
Over the years, Serchuk went to Europe several times to testify in the trials of Nazi war criminals.
When South Africa obtained dominion status in 1910, Botha became the first Prime Minister of the Union of South Africa.
A total of 685 Algerian workers and 107 foreigners were freed.
Stadio Marcantonio Bentegodi is a stadium in Verona, Italy.
Jessica Stanley is Bella's classmate and her first friend in Forks.
He extended Albert Einstein's theory of specific heat to lower temperatures by including contributions from low-frequency phonons.
The Olympic motto Citius, Altius, Fortius (Faster, Higher, Stronger) was used for the first time at the Olympics.
Smith shared a dormitory with nine other girls, and spent her time there swimming, talking and learning Russian songs and dances.
During World War II, Port Vila was an American and Australian airbase.
The entire household, including servants, would ideally dine together.
SV Darmstadt 98 is a German football club based in Darmstadt, Hesse.
The two governments began to normalise relations in 2013, as part of the Brussels Agreement.
By October 31, Hindenburg had been defeated at the Battle of the Vistula River and withdrew from his assault on Warsaw.
In 1830 the Belgian revolution broke out, in which Belgium became independent from the Netherlands.
The scientists of the USGS study the landscape of the United States, its natural resources, and the natural hazards that threaten it.
Bach was perhaps never so rewarded for one of his works as for this.
The disease typically occurs in outbreaks in tropical regions of Sub-Saharan Africa.
The USA and Yugoslavia lost in the semi-finals.
Tuberculosis caused widespread public concern in the 19th and early 20th centuries as the disease became common among the urban poor.
Their marriage revealed the fact that Wollstonecraft had never been married to Imlay, and as a result she and Godwin lost many friends.
Franklin's men wintered in 1845–46 on Beechey Island, where three crew members died and were buried.
This effect was referred to as "spooky action at a distance" by Einstein.
She also attended the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts and later Alief Elsik High School.
Russian troops were stationed in southern Tajikistan, in order to guard the border with Afghanistan, until summer 2005.
Shackleton decided to wait a few days in the hope that the ice would break up.
Through the 1930s, Komatsu also produced tractors for the Japanese military, as well as bulldozers, tanks and howitzers.
It was supported by Andrew Carnegie who built Carnegie Hall (opened in 1891) expressly for the orchestra.
The Inuit showed Rae many objects that were identified as having belonged to Franklin and his men.
The island was discovered on 1 January 1739 by Jean-Baptiste Charles Bouvet de Lozier, commander of the French ships Aigle and Marie.
After the diagnosis, Zappa devoted most of his energy to modern orchestral and Synclavier works.
Portugal's name derives from the Roman name Portus Cale.
Plutarch remarked that Artemis was too preoccupied with Alexander's delivery to save her burning temple.
Wollstonecraft left for Paris in December 1792 and arrived about a month before Louis XVI was guillotined.
A terrorist attack was carried out by a suicide bomber on a passenger bus transporting Israeli tourists at the Burgas Airport.
The Jonas Brothers co-presented an award with Miley Cyrus at the Teen Choice Awards.
A series of Europeans took advantage of these to explore eastwards.
From November till April, the river is frozen.
Mount Fuji has not erupted since.
The disease occurs regularly in some regions of sub-Saharan Africa with the population at risk being about 70 million in 36 countries.
Consumption of sugar-sweetened drinks in excess is associated with an increased risk.
The novelist Jane Austen died in Winchester on 18 July 1817 and is buried in the cathedral.
Following a series of clues from the body, Holmes and Watson find Reordan's home and discover experiments attempting to merge science with magic.
Browning influenced nearly all categories of firearms design.
Gastroenteritis is usually an acute and self-limiting disease that does not require medication.
I invite you, if your parents will let you, to come to our country, the best time being this summer.
He was known for his cruelty.
Rotavirus is the most common cause of gastroenteritis in children, and produces similar rates in both the developed and developing world.
Understanding the structure and function of cells is fundamental to all of the biological sciences.
For this reason, and to keep the text as consistent as possible, changes are written in a language close to the original.
The feet have three toes facing forwards and one toe facing backwards.
The free online version became only partially accessible to the public.
Some parts of the 15,000-strong shogunate forces had been trained by French military advisers, but the majority remained samurai forces.
At the end of World War I, it became part of Greater Romania.
Many consider him one of the most important rulers in Norwegian history.
The Commission of the Danube decided to destroy two of the pillars that were obstructing navigation.
Fermented milk products (such as yogurt) are similarly beneficial.
They lie in wait buried by sand, with only their eyes poking out from the substrate.
Prevention of the disease in humans is accomplished by vaccinating animals against the disease.
As Crown Prince of Denmark, he was given a seat in the State Council and subsequently assisted his father in the duties of government.
The rice riots were unparalleled in modern Japanese history in terms of scope, size and violence.
To the west of the Louvre, Catherine de Medici had built for her the Tuileries palace with extensive gardens and a grotte.
He was born in a poor family.
Nonetheless, objections did not undermine Pericles' morale, although he burst into tears to protect Aspasia when she was accused of corrupting Athenian society.
While she can listen in on messages between Alice and Bob, she cannot modify them.
The royal family returned from the palace of Vila Viçosa to Lisbon.
Breast milk reduces both the frequency of infections and their duration.
He also accepted the appointment of a Greek Patriarch.
For example, groups of eastern and southern European origin tended to fare less well by these measures.
In almost all cases, the church is situated in an easily defendable position, generally on a hilltop.
His father was a Russian Orthodox priest and schoolmaster, and his mother a musician.
This allowed him to formulate the Pauli exclusion principle, stating that no two electrons can have the same quantum state in the same quantum system.
Like many fossil horses, Mesohippus was common in North America.
Unlike his brothers, Prince Henry joined the Army rather than the Royal Navy.
Until 1958 it was named the Syrian University, but the name changed after the founding of the University of Aleppo.
With the December solstice approaching, Antarctica was also illuminated.
The first dose of vaccine should be given to infants between 6 and 15 weeks of age.
In many ways Frederick VIII was a liberal ruler who was much more favorable to the new parliamentarian system than his father had been.
On his return journey from a trip to Nice, King Frederick made a short stop in Hamburg, staying at the Hotel Hamburger Hof.
The first document mentioning it is from 1526.
The CoR produces studies on various aspects of the local and regional dimension of the EU (education, transport, social issues, enlargement, etc.).
The Moselle is a river flowing through France, Luxembourg, and Germany.
SnatchBot helps users to build bots for Facebook messenger, Skype, Slack, SMS, Twitter, and other social network platforms.
Genik translated their scholastic documents in writing from Polish into English.
God rewards good behavior and punishes evil.
In 1977, Spain has its first democratic elections, after 41 years under the Franco regime.
As at December 2017, over 30 million end users had engaged with chatbots built on the SnatchBot platform.
The Secretariat-General consists of five directorates: Members and Plenaries; Legislative Work 1; Legislative Work 2; Communication; Human Resources and Finance.
Information can be used and reused for commercial or non-commercial purposes.
In children, the cough lasts for more than ten days in 35–40% of cases and continues for more than 25 days in 10%.
They generally eat their food on the ground.
In logic, and especially in its applications to mathematics and philosophy, a counterexample is an exception to a proposed general rule or law.
During intercourse, the male will seize the skin of the neck of the female with his teeth.
In 1924, Albania became a republic.
In 1872 he received the title baron.
In 927, the fully independent Bulgarian Patriarchate was officially recognized.
Genik and his family of his wife and four children joined a group of 64 Ukrainians in landing at Quebec City on June 22, 1896.
Hungarians constitute a majority in the counties of Harghita and Covasna.
They are able to swim fast.
You write that you are anxious about whether there will be a nuclear war between our two countries.
Sir William Herschel discovered the planet Uranus.
We want peace — there is something that we are occupied with: growing wheat, building and inventing, writing books and flying into space.
Clarithromycin or moxifloxacin are sometimes used instead of streptomycin.
Between the two periods there is a break of 15 minutes.
King Albert I died in a mountain-climbing accident in Marche-les-Dames, Belgium.
Around the same time, the brothers began appearing in commercials for Baby Bottle Pops, singing the jingle.
In people coinfected with M. tuberculosis and HIV, the risk of reactivation increases to 10% per year.
Apollo 14 was the eighth manned mission in the United States Apollo program, and the third to land on the Moon.
It was the fastest-selling debut album in British music history and quickly became a cultural phenomenon.
The basic insignia of the Order is a white-enamelled Maltese cross.
Waleed Al-Husseini or Walid Husayin is a Palestinian, essayist, writer and blogger.
Bacterial croup may be divided into laryngeal diphtheria, bacterial tracheitis, laryngotracheobronchitis, and laryngotracheobronchopneumonitis.
Alternatively, Mercury may have formed from the solar nebula before the Sun's energy output had stabilized.
The current Ombudsman, Emily O'Reilly of Ireland, took office on 1 October 2013.
West Africa is the westernmost region of Africa.
An Anglo-Swedish agreement led to the creation of the Third Coalition.
A formal declaration of independence was finally issued at the Congress of Tucumán on July 9, 1816.
Its maximum plasma concentration is reached 1–2 hours after oral administration.
It uses two keys, a public key and a private key.
You will find out about our country, meet with your contemporaries, visit an international children's camp – Artek – on the sea.
European Council Directive 92/43/EEC of 21 May 1992 on the conservation of natural habitats and of wild fauna and flora.
This map shows the new eligible regions for the 2007–2013 programming period of the European Social Fund.
In addition, its teeth are similar to those of other early cetaceans.
Utøya is owned by the Workers' Youth League (AUF), a youth group associated with the Labour Party, which holds an annual summer camp there.
There is an oil refinery in the town.
He supported the annexation of Texas in 1845.
At higher elevations, mountain pastures exist.
James was the only son of Mary, Queen of Scots, and her second husband, Henry Stuart, Lord Darnley.
Obesity is one of the leading preventable causes of death worldwide.
Visitors to Qatar travelling on board any airline may apply online for a Qatar Tourist Visa.
We can distinguish the scabbard of his sword fixed to his belt, worn on the left side.
His father was a shoe maker.
However, there are certain terms and conditions that apply, hence visas are only issued at the discretion of Qatar’s Ministry of Interior.
On the third floor ideas for a more peaceful future should be worked out.
This project drew opposition from the Spartans and their Peloponnesian allies, who were alarmed by the recent increase in the power of Athens.
It is a member of the genus Hepacivirus in the family Flaviviridae.
By their commitment, they support the European Union 20% CO2 reduction objective to be reached by 2020.
A goal is scored if the ball completely crosses the line.
In early historic times, astronomy only consisted of the observation and predictions of the motions of objects visible to the naked eye.
The initial capital of each paragraph is outlined with red and yellow dots.
The African wild ass or African wild donkey (Equus africanus) is a wild member of the horse family, Equidae.
Some structures are far too distant to be seen even with the most powerful telescopes.
It has a mild, sweet odor.
And at the end of the season they were on the 4th position.
Congenital syphilis is that which is transmitted during pregnancy or during birth.
The four stars represent the four founding principles that were originally enshrined in the first constitution of Bangladesh in 1972: nationalism, secularism, socialism, and democracy.
The monument also represents peace, since the swords are planted into solid rock, so they may never be removed.
However, microbial production of citric acid did not become industrially important until World War I disrupted Italian citrus exports.
Vaccinating children against Streptococcus pneumoniae has led to a decreased rate of these infections in adults, because many adults acquire infections from children.
Jean-Baptiste Dumas published work in 1857 describing relationships between various groups of metals.
The area is sparsely populated today and those that do live here survive mainly by the raising of livestock such as sheep and goats.
In persons requiring hospitalization, mortality may be as high as 10%, and in those requiring intensive care it may reach 30–50%.
According to the Statute of SDEWES Centre, every person can under the same circumstances apply for membership.
The software contains extensive integrated training material, including an electronic textbook.
Approximately 30% to 60% of those exposed to primary or secondary syphilis will get the disease.
Dexamethasone at doses of 0.15, 0.3 and 0.6 mg/kg appear to be all equally effective.
IMI was launched in February 2008.
These tests are not as time-sensitive, as they do not require living bacteria to make the diagnosis.
The temple's name literally means the Temple of the fifth King located nearby Dusit Palace.
They prepare draft opinions and hold conferences and seminars focused on their areas of competence.
Within the above-mentioned states are several de facto independent countries with limited to no international recognition.
German chemist Leopold Gmelin worked with this system, and by 1843 he had identified ten triads, three groups of four, and one group of five.
In the autumn of 1986, he started school at Smedslättsskolan in Bromma which he attended at junior level.
Pre-translated questions and answers as well as machine translation make it possible for them to use their own language to communicate.
C. Wehmer discovered Penicillium mold could produce citric acid from sugar.
The Gokstad and Oseberg ships had been stored in temporary shelters at the University of Oslo.
Thomas was also accused of persecuting the local nobility, which inspired a series of revolts against his rule.
Other areas of biochemistry include the genetic code (DNA, RNA), protein synthesis, cell membrane transport, and signal transduction.
Interior views of the cathedral were featured in the 1998 film Elizabeth.
Many books on religion, philosophy and science that might have been deemed controversial abroad were printed in the Netherlands and secretly exported to other countries.
The executive power is divided between the President and the Prime Minister.
Tor Browser is free software that provides access to anonymised network that enables anonymous communication.
Hart began posting text copies of such classics as the Bible and the works of Homer, Shakespeare, and Mark Twain.
In the 19th century, Krasnoyarsk was the center of the Siberian Cossack movement.
The oldest document, known to date, which includes the name Flambertenges, is a deed of the year 1066.
Princess Margrethe married a French diplomat, Count Henri de Laborde de Monpezat, 10 June 1967, at the Church of Holmen in Copenhagen.
Cephalexin or nitrofurantoin are typically used because they are generally considered safe in pregnancy.
Currently most beryllium is produced by reducing beryllium fluoride with purified magnesium.
Congenital syphilis in the newborn can be prevented by screening mothers during early pregnancy and treating those who are infected.
He learned to play guitar on his own.
Pneumonia in children may additionally be classified based on signs and symptoms as non-severe, severe, or very severe.
Children with croup are generally kept as calm as possible.
Brightest of these was at a wavelength of 500.7 nanometres, which did not correspond with a line of any known element.
The SI unit of force is the newton.
Prime Minister Winston Churchill announces that the United Kingdom has an atomic bomb.
Ypres was destroyed and the chapel of Vlamertinge burned down.
The nest site is on a cliff, tree or building.
In the Norse traditions, Sól rode through the sky on her chariot every day, pulled by two horses named Arvak and Alsvid.
In 1750 it was made a Danish crown colony.
As croup worsens, stridor may decrease considerably.
Judaism focuses on the importance of valuing this life, and as such, suicide is tantamount to denying God's goodness in the world.
Despite British military administration, the Austrian Empire was guaranteed commercial status equal to the UK.
It is the leading cause of death among children in low income countries.
Nitro compounds are organic compounds that contain one or more nitro functional groups (−NO2).
The period was marked by extreme levels of crime, disease, mass death, and even cannibalism and infanticide.
While the rebellion was slowly being defeated, it was equally clear that colonial rule from Britain was no longer sustainable.
The economic nature of society also changed dramatically.
It affects between 700,000 and 1.6 million pregnancies a year, resulting in spontaneous abortions, stillbirths, and congenital syphilis.
They established that the law on self-management was the basis of the entire social order in Yugoslavia.
Leaders of both parties tried to stop the fighting by calling dozens of truces, but none of them held for longer than a few days.
For administrative purposes, however, they formed a single province.
For the first time in ten years all of Europe was at peace.
Granma is the official newspaper of the Central Committee of the Cuban Communist Party.
That same month, Oleskiw recommended Genik to the Canadian Department of the Interior as an immigration agent.
Some genetic variants may only cause asthma when they are combined with specific environmental exposures.
Epoxides are ethers in which the oxygen atom is part of a ring of three atoms.
Some geographers regard Europe and Asia together as a single continent, dubbed Eurasia.
Infection of other organs can cause a wide range of symptoms.
Over 100 genes were associated with asthma in one genetic association study alone; more continue to be found.
The lungs quickly fill with fluid and become stiff.
When used in chronic disease, medication may delay or prevent the development of end–stage symptoms.
Her funeral took place on 14 November 2000, and Ingrid was interred next to her husband, King Frederick IX, outside Roskilde Cathedral near Copenhagen.
The most commonly used system for classifying the severity of croup is the Westley score.
The panda, in particular, spends 12–15 hours a day feeding.
The Jonas Brothers performed two songs at the Miss Teen USA contest.
Radicals are important in combustion, atmospheric chemistry, polymerization, plasma chemistry, biochemistry, and many other chemical processes.
In 1988, the Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to the United Nations peacekeeping forces.
There are various theories about the origin of the word Chile.
Children are most commonly affected, and in this age group the infection may also cause poor weight gain, malnutrition, and learning problems.
It is one of the most important primary sources for the study of Norse mythology.
The Tabula Peutingeriana (Peutinger table) is an itinerarium showing the cursus publicus, the road network in the Roman Empire.
In fact, how can they, if virtue has only one eternal standard?
Lesions may be painful or tender (30%), and they may occur in places other than the genitals (2–7%).
Negative symptoms appear to contribute more to poor quality of life, functional ability, and the burden on others than positive symptoms do.
Without comets there is a possibility that life as we know it would not exist on Earth.
They decided that they would each go their own way.
RETScreen International was awarded the Public Service Award of Excellence, the highest award given by the Canadian government to its civil servants.
The Temple in Jerusalem was destroyed in 70 AD.
In winter, its plumage becomes completely white except for the black tail.
The term was originally used in treaties to refer to the withdrawal of enemy troops and the restoration of prewar leadership.
Competition among members of the same species is known as intraspecific competition, while competition between individuals of different species is known as interspecific competition.
Together with the aid given by member states individually, the EU is the largest aid donor in the world.
He is sent to Rome, where an elderly pope makes him a cardinal.
DJ Magazine is a British monthly magazine dedicated to electronic dance music and DJs.
The turquoise was from Tibet and the Lapis lazuli from Afghanistan, while the sapphire came from Sri Lanka and the carnelian from Arabia.
Two other literary stars of the era were in attendance: Jean Froissart and Petrarch.
The terrestrial planets all have roughly the same structure: a central metallic core, mostly iron, with a surrounding silicate mantle.
These antibiotics are often given intravenously and used in combination.
Two years later Konstantin died, and Yuri was allowed to return to Vladimir.
Since its launch, the A330 has allowed Airbus to expand market share in wide-body airliners.
This planned structural life cycle gradually raised the level of cities, so that they came to be elevated above the surrounding plain.
The risk of transmission from sharing needles appears limited.
When asked in 1998 how he had become such a good sniper, Häyhä answered, "Practice".
In the frail elderly good oral health care may lower the risk of aspiration pneumonia.
Pneumonia frequently starts as an upper respiratory tract infection that moves into the lower respiratory tract.
Vaccination prevents against certain bacterial and viral pneumonias both in children and adults.
The water lily is the country's national flower, and is representative of the many rivers that run through Bangladesh.
It is believed to have been completed in 731 when Bede was approximately 59 years old.
He promptly repaired the damage enough to enable him to observe the great comet of December 1680.
This may occur when contaminated vegetables are not fully cleaned or cooked.
In children, a healthy weight varies with age and sex.
There is a weather station on it.
This was one of the first Linux installations on a busy network and revealed many bugs in the networking code.
The origin of the name has several theories.
Hippocrates wrote that "Corpulence is not only a disease itself, but the harbinger of others".
It is available either by itself or in combination with other vaccines.
The only major cities to escape destruction were Novgorod and Pskov.
The disease is usually spread when people eat food or drink water that contains the eggs of these worms.
The severe climatic changes during the ice age had major impacts on the fauna and flora.
Naum founded a monastery on the shores of Lake Ohrid, which later received his name.
Obesity increases the risk of many physical and mental conditions.
Pericles had such a profound influence on Athenian society that Thucydides, a contemporary historian, acclaimed him as "the first citizen of Athens".
Its geographical location had a positive influence on its development and growth.
Near the town are the ruins of a medieval fortress.
Obesity can lead to social stigmatization and disadvantages in employment.
Bernard then passed into Germany, and the reported miracles which multiplied almost at his every step undoubtedly contributed to the success of his mission.
Each hand had four fingers, with no thumb (first finger).
Charlemagne built a new camp at Karlstadt.
A sedentary lifestyle plays a significant role in obesity.
Two years later he escaped from Paris in disguise.
And thus begins their incredible journey.
It can be made at home or bought from fast food shops.
Its monumental ruins have inspired the imaginations of travellers and writers for centuries.
The first harvest of nutmeg trees takes place seven to nine years after planting, and the trees reach full production after twenty years.
His last words were reported to have been "Well, I've had a happy life".
The archangel Gabriel appears before Mary to announce that she will bear the Son of God.
They are capable of jumping thirty times their body length.
The evening ended with a spectacular fireworks display on the waterfront.
The Allies decided to launch a two-stage invasion.
During that period, many scientists and researchers contributed significantly to the development of the theory.
A unified command was deemed necessary for an invasion of Japan.
The Gentleman's Magazine was launched in 1731 and soon became the most influential and most imitated periodical of its time.
During its early history, America was a series of British colonies on the eastern coast of the present-day United States.
Tools were decorated with simple geometric designs, lacking the complexity of the contemporary Maglemosian Culture communities to the southwest.
As part of a compromise involving elements 104 to 108, the name seaborgium for element 106 was recognized internationally.
This habit, along with their appearance, has caused people to confuse the two species when seen outside their natural habitat.
With treatment, most types of bacterial pneumonia will stabilize in 3–6 days.
Five space agencies, representing over fifteen countries, have worked together to build the International Space Station.
It was traditional in the past for established geisha to take a danna, or patron.
The largest share of funding is for food and nutrition.
John later tells Jack, "I looked into the eye of this island, and what I saw was beautiful."
Pioneer 10 and Pioneer 11 both contain plaques that give pictorial information about their time and place of origin.
After the first democratic elections held in Croatia, Zagal changed its name to Croatia Airlines on 23 July 1990.
Vaccinations were studied as causal factors; however, most studies show no association.
Since 1956, the Olympic cultural programme has taken their place.
Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) is an Internet standard for email transmission.
By the time he arrived in Winnipeg, he had no allegiances to the Russian Orthodox Church or anyone else.
The importance of these was confirmed by the G8 Open Data Charter.
Stadio Comunale Sant'Elia was a football stadium in Cagliari, Italy.
Males hold territories which they defend against intruders.
The very next year he moved yet again to the United States to attend Harvard University.
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is the seventh and final book in J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series.
The Treaty makes it mandatory for the European Commission and the Council of Ministers to consult the CoR on key areas of regional concern.
The wedding took place on 19 June 2010 in Stockholm.
At greatest western elongation, Mercury rises at its earliest before sunrise, and at greatest eastern elongation, it sets at its latest after sunset.
If French nuclear weapons were used, the fire order might pass through this relay.
God told Moses to sprinkle it on the people.
As a chemical weapon, it is classified as a weapon of mass destruction by the United Nations according to UN Resolution 687.
Coupled with the company's Machine Learning tools, the platform allows for the creation of chatbots that can analyse the users' intentions.
Red Bull owns two teams in Formula One, Red Bull Racing and Scuderia Toro Rosso.
The atom is the smallest unit of an element that retains the chemical properties of that element.
An adult may survive more than one year without feeding.
In 1990 General Motors bought 51% of the car division Saab Automobile, and acquired the rest a decade later.
He then traveled to Yamura, to stay with a friend.
In the 14th century, it was already an important trade centre.
He was doing really great in school, he got really good marks.
During the Russian Civil War, he was a political commissar.
Observation of Mercury is complicated by its proximity to the Sun, as it is lost in the Sun's glare for much of the time.
This is how they made the majority of their income.
This species is rare in Europe.
In total over 200 viral types are associated with colds.
The University of Geneva is a public research university located in Geneva, Switzerland.
It is one of the six official languages of the United Nations.
It was first observed in 1979 by the Voyager 1 space probe.
Charlemagne's biographer Einhard states that Gisela had been dedicated to religion since her childhood.
Parts of Dartmoor have been used as military firing ranges for over 200 years.
This gained him his initial popularity.
During evolution, some structures may lose their original function and become vestigial structures.
The word "India" is derived from the Indus River.
The Arctic is the region north of the Arctic Circle.
It acquired its current name in 1994, when the European Computer Manufacturers Association (ECMA) changed its name to reflect the organization's global reach and activities.
It was founded in the 11th century and has been described as the "Key to England" due to its defensive significance throughout history.
Mercury can be observed for only a brief period during either morning or evening twilight.
This biogeochemical cycle describes the movement of oxygen within and between its three main reservoirs on Earth: the atmosphere, the biosphere, and the lithosphere.
Many important properties of physical systems can be represented mathematically as matrix problems.
Speciation is the process where a species diverges into two or more descendant species.
It is a strong acid, being almost fully dissociated in water.
The oldest known mineral grains on Earth are approximately 4.4 billion years old.
He has also sung in cabaret performances at the Café de Paris and the Café Royal.
All organisms on Earth are descended from a common ancestor or ancestral gene pool.
The vote takes place in two rounds.
Reliable historical accounts of the battle are scarce.
This lone relic was reburied in 1642 with a new marker, which was replaced 100 years later with a more elaborate monument.
Uranus is the seventh planet in the solar system.
He also pursued various diplomatic tasks.
The mane is upright and relatively short.
Mike Stock wrote the lyrics for the song in response to what he had learned about Minogue prior to her arrival.
During the Industrial Revolution, the life expectancy of children increased dramatically.
Hand hygiene and coughing into one's sleeve may also be effective preventative measures.
Blood tests are more commonly used, as they are easier to perform.
Hospitals do not always have equipment or experienced staff members, and testing must be done within 10 minutes of acquiring the sample.
During this period of intense crater formation, Mercury received impacts over its entire surface, facilitated by the lack of any atmosphere to slow impactors down.
In countries where the disease is common, the vaccine appears to be cost effective.
Although the daylight temperature at the surface of Mercury is generally extremely high, observations strongly suggest that ice (frozen water) exists on Mercury.
It is also present in tobacco smoke.
Nevertheless, the university and the high-school were nationalized a year later.
Only wealthy families could afford a teacher.
Its metadata catalogue applies international standards such as: Dublin Core, the data catalogue vocabulary DCAT-AP and the Asset Description Metadata Schema (ADMS).
Unless we have rules, society will be in chaos.
Europeans first arrived in the region with the 1502 voyage of Amerigo Vespucci.
Abandoning the taking of what is not given, he abstains from taking what is not given.
France adopted the constitution of the Fourth Republic on 13 October 1946.
This was recognised by the Allied powers at the Congress of Vienna.
All that inspired the motto of the French Revolution: Freedom, Equality, Brotherhood.
By this time they only had one horse and one mule remaining.
Even today she remains one of the most popular singers in Brazil.
The Third Republic of South Korea began to take an increasingly prominent role in international relations.
The earliest definite sighting was in 1690, when John Flamsteed observed it at least six times, cataloguing it as 34 Tauri.
During summer there are often dry winds and dust storms.
He was known among experts in the field throughout Europe for a multitude of inventions and technological innovations.
Shortly after Heisenberg published the matrix theory of modern quantum mechanics, Pauli used it to derive the observed spectrum of the hydrogen atom.
In contrast to Earth, no major lunar mountains are believed to have formed as a result of tectonic events.
Berenguier does not seem to have had much contact with his fellow troubadours.
Throughout the first half of the 20th century, the city became a world center for industry, commerce, and communication.
Nowadays the language is almost extinct.
The lack of an atmosphere, weather and recent geological processes mean that many of these craters are well-preserved.
Messier 110 or M110, also known as NGC 205, is a dwarf elliptical galaxy that is a satellite of the Andromeda Galaxy.
The Golden Lion is the highest prize given to a film at the Venice Film Festival.
President Bush declared that US–Soviet cooperation during the 1990–1991 Gulf War had laid the groundwork for a partnership in resolving bilateral and world problems.
Gasimov began singing when he was very young and has taken part in several concerts in various cities of Azerbaijan and Russia.
Within the city walls lived up to 65,000 people.
At an onsen, as at a sentō, all guests are expected to wash and rinse themselves thoroughly before entering the hot water.
As lesbians forged more public identities, the phrase "gay and lesbian" became more common.
The Italian University of Bologna, for example, allowed women to attend lectures from its inception, in 1088.
From about the 16th century until 1814, Norway used the same flag as Denmark, as it was in union with that country.
After the death of his first wife in 1742, he married a Spaniard, Anastasia Maxarti Ximenes.
This behaviour cost him the sympathies of many of his countrymen.
It is active at night, hiding in crevices or under rocks during the day.
As the capital city of Spain, the city has attracted many immigrants from around the world.
However, the monarch does continue to exercise three rights: the right to be consulted; the right to advise; and the right to warn.
The main source of light on Earth is the Sun.
Undigested remains are ejected through the mouth.
The latter three minority religions are officially recognized and protected, and have reserved seats in the Iran parliament.
Newton's laws of motion are three physical laws that, together, laid the foundation for classical mechanics.
Wikimedia Commons (or simply Commons) is an online repository of free-use images, sounds, and other media files.
He extended Niels Bohr's theory of atomic structure, introducing elliptical orbits, a concept also introduced by Arnold Sommerfeld.
The physical constant known as the Rydberg constant is named after him, as is the Rydberg unit.
Individuals such as Leonardo da Vinci sought experimentation as a means of explanation, and opposed arguments from religious authority.
In this segment, American tourist Donald Duck visits Lake Titicaca and meets some of the locals, including an obstinate llama.
While in London, Wollstonecraft pursued a relationship with the artist Henry Fuseli, even though he was already married.
He had committed suicide by taking cyanide.
Only a member of the race can be a citizen.
Thousands of tourists from all around the world arrive annually to visit these monuments, contributing greatly to the economy of the modern city.
The Spanish–American War and World War I confirmed the country's status as a global military power.
The group took its current name in 1960, when it expanded its repertoire beyond the Baroque period for the first time.
What will you do when they open fire along the whole line?
The main mystery of the first season concerns the murders of women connected to Sookie's brother, Jason.
A tatami is a type of mat used as a flooring material in traditional Japanese-style rooms.
Bismarck needed good relations with Russia in order to keep France isolated.
Bézier surfaces were first described in 1962 by the French engineer Pierre Bézier who used them to design automobile bodies.
The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends the use of cholera vaccines in combination with other measures among those at high risk.
Here he discovered his literary vocation.
They feed on insects which they catch in flight or on the ground.
Russian navigator Vasily Golovnin attempted to map and explore the island in 1811, but was apprehended by Japanese authorities and spent two years in prison.
In 1733 he went to Madrid as music master to Princess Maria Barbara, who had married into the Spanish royal house.
News that the Olympic Games would return to Greece was well received by the Greek public, media, and royal family.
Greenland first entertained the idea of a flag of its own in 1973 when five Greenlanders proposed a green, white and blue flag.
Only after Zaleski's death in 1972 did the two factions reunite.
A faint, thin ring, temporarily designated R/2004 S 1, was discovered in the Atlantean orbit.
Its boundaries corresponded to the former department of Liamone, which existed from 1793 to 1811.
After the observatory obtained further confirmatory photographs, news of the discovery was telegraphed to the Harvard College Observatory on March 13, 1930.
Pterosaurs included the largest flying animals ever to have lived.
Leavitt's scientific work at Harvard was frequently interrupted by illness and family obligations.
Debye calculated the effect of temperature on X-ray diffraction patterns of crystalline solids with Paul Scherrer (the "Debye–Waller factor").
He assisted Nevanlinna in 1929 with his work on Denjoy's conjecture on the number of asymptotic values of an entire function.
The complete set of observable traits that make up the structure and behaviour of an organism is called its phenotype.
The Bible is the most translated book in the world.
In this paper, he showed that there was a contradiction between Carnot's principle and the concept of conservation of energy.
The New York Herald was the first major newspaper on the East Coast to report the discovery of gold.
Most cases of diabetes involve many genes, with each being a small contributor to an increased probability of becoming a type 2 diabetic.
On July 17 a ceasefire was signed.
The British promised compensation, favourable business agreements, non-interference in Icelandic affairs, and the withdrawal of all forces at the end of the war.
The classic symptoms are frequent urination, increased thirst, increased hunger, and weight loss.
The Christian festival of Christmas celebrates the birth of Jesus Christ.
The first European to sight the island after the height of the Little Ice Age was William Baffin in 1616.
Two months after the end of the war, Queen Mary's youngest son, John, died at the age of thirteen.
Preparing to demonstrate the time machine, Doc sets the date to November 5, 1955: the day he conceived a time travel device.
Two shorter figures are carved into the front throne alongside his legs: these are his wife Tiye and mother Mutemwiya.
The question is whether the world has a beginning in time, or whether it has existed from eternity.
Sverre sailed south with a large fleet.
He currently is a free player.
The differential diagnosis can be complicated somewhat if the person exhibits only vomiting or diarrhea (rather than both).
Americans spend $2.9 billion on over-the-counter drugs and another $400 million on prescription medicines for symptom relief.
The 14-year-old Elizabeth made her first radio broadcast during the BBC's Children's Hour, addressing other children who had been evacuated from the cities.
The attitude to educating women in medical fields in Italy appears to have been more liberal than in other places.
The precise use of the flag is regulated by laws passed by the 58th executive meeting of the State Council held in Beijing.
Jesus is taken down from the cross and is buried.
Later work re-interpreted these results as a tendency to test ideas in a one-sided way, focusing on one possibility and ignoring alternatives.
Three years later, Justinian II considered himself strong enough to invade Bulgaria and restore his rule over these lands.
There's a lot of poverty and unemployment.
The point was shared equally between drivers sharing the fastest lap.
She died in 1245, still waiting for her son to return.
Speaking about the title and concept of the album, Gaga explained: "The Fame is about how anyone can feel famous."
Within five hours, 10 battleships, five battlecruisers, four light cruisers, and 32 torpedo boats sank in Scapa Flow.
The emperor was unwilling to consider this.
Thus any search for evidence in favor of a hypothesis is likely to succeed.
A supply of easily accessible uncontaminated water and good sanitation practices are important for reducing rates of infection and clinically significant gastroenteritis.
Tasman, his navigator Visscher, and his merchant Gilsemans also mapped substantial portions of Australia, New Zealand and the Pacific Islands.
He was the son of a Jewish merchant.
Onchocerciasis, also known as river blindness, is a disease caused by infection with the parasitic worm Onchocerca volvulus.
They are nocturnal and generally live alone.
Religion is, indeed, the self-consciousness and self-esteem of man who has either not yet won through to himself, or has already lost himself again.
The Coppa Italia (Italian for Italy Cup) is an Italian football annual cup competition.
In 1944, the German Army occupied Hungary.
They feed on just about any moving animal they encounter.
In the developing world, especially sub-Saharan Africa and Asia, cholera is a common cause of gastroenteritis.
They fly rapidly and are difficult to catch.
They can live for up to 25 years.
The common cold is the most frequent infectious disease in humans.
Pappus of Alexandria stated that Archimedes had written a now lost manuscript on the construction of these devices entitled On Sphere-Making.
The first meeting of the new Parliament took place on 12 May 1999.
Marsh uncovered the first pterosaur fossils found in America.
The family lives in New York.
From 1499 to 1528, the Republic reached its nadir, being under nearly continual French occupation.
Geothermal energy is thermal energy which is derived from the earth's internal heat.
In its invasion of China, Japan employed some 50,000 bicycle troops.
Nonkilling refers to the absence of killing, threats to kill, and conditions conducive to killing in human society.
It is also used as a police dog.
Amalric sought an alliance with Emperor Manuel and invaded Egypt once more.
After death, the king must first rise from his tomb.
A large eruption resulted in the deaths of nineteen people.
They are very territorial and aggressive both towards their own species and others.
Thus, ancestral temples are in front of the palace.
She has two older brothers, Ryan and Spencer, who are also actors.
She was interested in medicine, and also manufactured her own medicines.
By 1582 there were as many as 150,000 converts (two percent of the population) and 200 churches.
The life expectancy in the wild is approximately 20 years, while in captivity is up to 30 years.
There should be a readjustment of the frontiers of Italy to be effected along clearly recognizable lines of nationality.
Although arable land accounts for only 1% of Namibia, nearly half of the population is employed in agriculture.
Children infected with rotavirus usually make a full recovery within three to eight days.
His death marked the effective end of the Bulgarian Empire.
The city was never completed and it was finally abandoned a century later when the Assyrian empire fell.
Construction work began on the wall and gate of the cemetery.
Queen Victoria and Prince Albert were determined that their eldest son should have an education that would prepare him to be a model constitutional monarch.
Like the Sumatran rhino, it needs salt in its diet.
This book is preserved in manuscript.
This vaccine may also prevent illness in non-vaccinated children by reducing the number of circulating infections.
In summer the temperature reaches 35 degree Celsius.
It would end with Napoleon’s total defeat.
One study found that 17% of children with DKA were initially diagnosed as having gastroenteritis.
What have survived are eighty-nine ballate for two voices, forty-two ballate for three voices, and another nine which exist in both two and three-voice versions.
Oxygen has three stable isotopes, 16O, 17O, and 18O.
To ensure the monitoring and verification of the ceasefire by the OSCE.
A standard IMAX screen is 22m wide and 16m tall, but there are screens with even larger dimensions.
As the Tower was considered an impregnable fortress in a strategically important position, possession was highly valued.
He became a deacon in 1093, and a priest in 1107.
He was discovered by a police officer who took him to a Hafen hospital where he was pronounced dead.
The fools then quarrel with each other.
An indemnity of 40 million francs to France was also provided for in the treaty.
The person may want to keep something confidential and have access to the information that has been collected.
His endeavour was in no way limited to Polish language and literature; gradually he learnt a considerable number of languages and became a true polyglot.
On 9 November 1989, the East German government announced the opening of the Berlin Wall and the inner German border.
Speaking at a Moscow press conference, she declared that the Russians were "just like us".
From the window one can see the third courtyard.
There is also evidence of at least one temple priest.
The Roman historian Suetonius described this war as the most difficult conflict faced by Rome since the Punic Wars two centuries earlier.
Malta is in the middle of the Mediterranean Sea directly south of Italy and north of Libya.
They include 12 Emperors and 18 Empresses.
Some is still used for making furniture.
A population that satisfies these conditions is said to be in Hardy–Weinberg equilibrium.
She flirts with every man she meets.
While he is incarcerated, his sister dies alone.
This is similar to the Curie temperature as above the Néel Temperature the material undergoes a phase transition and becomes paramagnetic.
His best result was a fourth place.
Toward the end of the 18th century, Charles Messier compiled a catalog containing the 109 brightest celestial objects having nebulous appearance.
A few of the poems had previously been published in the daily “Al-Quds” (London, 1996) and the periodical “Nizwa” (Sultanate of Oman, 1999).
H2 reacts with every oxidizing element.
He is involved in the European People's Party.
SnatchBot also provides free Natural Language Processing models.
In the United States, 23–41% of dogs are overweight, and about 5.1% are obese.
Such competition provided greater opportunity for Ukrainian Canadian children to learn to speak the Ukrainian language.
Italian astronomer Giuseppe Piazzi makes the first discovery of an asteroid, Ceres, which is briefly considered to be the eighth planet.
Actual euro coins and banknotes followed on 1 January 2002.
Even today, the impact of the reforms can still be seen in Japanese cultural life.
She is the prettiest girl in school.
The County of Edessa was the first of the crusader states to be established during and after the First Crusade.
In April 175, Avidius Cassius, Governor of Syria, declared himself Emperor following rumours that Marcus Aurelius had died.
In short, composition of maps is always associative.
Backed by American air and artillery support, South Vietnamese troops invaded Laos.
It is not generally possible to contract syphilis through toilet seats, daily activities, hot tubs, or sharing eating utensils or clothing.
These gaps were subsequently filled as chemists discovered additional naturally occurring elements.
The name comes from the French spelling of the mythological character Ariadne.
It was referred to as "the great imitator" by Sir William Osler due to its varied presentations.
In those with vague symptoms, diagnosis can be difficult because bacteria may be present without there being an infection.
One hour of time is divided into 60 minutes, and one minute is divided into 60 seconds.
There are ten major ports in France, the largest of which is in Marseille, which also is the largest bordering the Mediterranean Sea.
At some point, Genik met Joseph Oleskiw, a man who had been encouraging immigration by Ukrainians to Canada.
From 1871 it was part of the German Empire.
People with a family history of schizophrenia who have a transient psychosis have a 20–40% chance of being diagnosed one year later.
From then on Akureyri started to grow because of the excellent port conditions and perhaps more because of the productive agricultural region around it.
Diagnosis of early disease is by finding the parasite in the blood using a microscope.
This is considered to be the first Dutch rock 'n' roll record.
Some causes are associated with classic, but non-specific, clinical characteristics.
His leadership and military success during the wars made him a national hero.
The European Union forms in 1992 under the Maastricht Treaty.
Like many of the Germanic tribes, the Burgundians' legal traditions allowed the application of separate laws for separate ethnicities.
Formerly a land of woods and bogs, the Principality of Tver was quickly transformed into one of the richest and most populous Russian states.
Tiberius apparently feared for the safety of his wife and daughters.
She interned for UNICEF for six months in New York City and worked for the division of Child Protective Services.
Several measures to increase access to testing appear effective at reducing rates of congenital syphilis in low- to middle-income countries.
He is named after the astronomer Galileo Galilei.
It has a slow doubling time of greater than 30 hours.
The volume of a 3-dimensional unit cube is 1 cubic unit, and its total surface area is 6 square units.
Treatments recommended by the World Health Organization are the medications albendazole, mebendazole, levamisole, or pyrantel pamoate.
An example is a specific single nucleotide polymorphism in the CD14 region and exposure to endotoxin (a bacterial product).
After reclaiming his capital, the King built a temple in thankful worship.
In the early 20th century, the psychiatrist Kurt Schneider listed the forms of psychotic symptoms that he thought distinguished schizophrenia from other psychotic disorders.
Thus there are no total solar eclipses on Mars, as the moons are far too small to completely cover the Sun.
In 1095 Pope Urban II called for a crusade against Muslims occupying Jerusalem and the Holy Land.
It is mentioned for the first time in the 12th century.
The award included $37,200, the largest amount awarded to any individual in NASA's history.
His name comes from the last two digits of a bar code on the back of his head.
Some sharks lose 30,000 or more teeth in their lifetime.
The Sumerians used slaves, although they were not a major part of the economy.
To that end, many of the elephants were especially large, often weighing in excess of nine tons.
Of the €9.8 billion of humanitarian aid provided worldwide in 2010, some 41% was delivered by the EU.
This has been attributed to unsafe sexual practices, such as sexual promiscuity, prostitution, and decreasing use of barrier protection.
Family history is a risk factor for asthma, with many different genes being implicated.
It is known, however, that his parents were not affectionate towards him and showed him very little love.
Claude inherited his father's title of Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne in 1904, whereupon Cecilia became Countess of Strathmore and Kinghorne.
The Battle of Svolder is mentioned in a number of historical sources.
The Christian Emperor Theodosius introduced legislation that banned pagan rites and closed temples.
If viewed from Mars's surface near its equator, full Phobos looks about one third as big as a full moon on Earth.
Primary syphilis is typically acquired by direct sexual contact with the infectious lesions of another person.
There have been many failed attempts to connect Sumerian to other language families.
A large YPA armoured convoy set off from Belgrade on the morning of 3 July, ostensibly to go to Slovenia.
In 857 a chapel was built in Vlamertinge.
The venture was unsuccessful; and Orlenev returned to Russia while Nazimova stayed in New York.
The Fiat 3000 was the first tank to be produced in series in Italy.
The World Health Organization estimates that one in three newborn infant deaths is due to pneumonia.
Twelve foreign nationals were killed in the conflict, principally journalists and Bulgarian truck drivers who had strayed into the line of fire.
All dates are given according to the Julian calendar.
She died after falling from a horse.
The prognosis for asthma is generally good, especially for children with mild disease.
First, it was assumed correctly that Syria would not go to war with Israel unless Egypt did so as well.
In 1829, Johann Wolfgang Döbereiner observed that many of the elements could be grouped into triads based on their chemical properties.
The very steep stairways represent the difficulty of ascending to the kingdom of the gods.
On 1 January 2007, Irish became an official working language of the EU.
All documents are downloadable on the website library.
Greek olives and olive oil were exported to the rest of the Empire.
In Christian teachings, vanity is an example of pride, one of the seven deadly sins.
His father and grandfather were both London vintners, and several previous generations had been merchants in Ipswich.
The plant can live a number of years before it will flower.
Tito was notable for pursuing a foreign policy of neutrality during the Cold War and for establishing close ties with developing countries.
Other drugs may be used only as coping mechanisms by people who have schizophrenia, to deal with depression, anxiety, boredom, and loneliness.
The Constitution is more than a written text.
Argon has approximately the same solubility in water as oxygen and is 2.5 times more soluble in water than nitrogen.
The site is now a protected heritage site of Namibia, and visiting is only permitted with official guides.
The F 2 prototype appeared in 1938, but differed only in detail from its predecessor.
Social factors include the cultural aspects and health consciousness, population growth rate, age distribution, career attitudes and emphasis on safety.
Ancient Romans boiled soured wine to produce a highly sweet syrup called sapa.
In 1968, she married Greek shipping magnate Aristotle Onassis.
In the 2005–06 season, he was again plagued with injuries.
Live albums may be recorded at a single concert, or combine recordings made at multiple concerts.
He also develops a thirst for blood.
People with greater negative symptoms often have a history of poor adjustment before the onset of illness, and response to medication is often limited.
She raised the children by herself.
Relations with the United States and Western European nations were generally cordial.
Lee was forced to change his plans.
RETScreen is widely used to facilitate and implement clean energy projects.
After studying painting at the Rhode Island School of Design, he moved into the field of photography.
After the organisation of three more conferences in 2003, 2005 and 2007, SDEWES Centre was established in 2009.
Rising costs and the lack of a clear market led to its cancellation in 1971 before two prototypes had been completed.
In 1206, Theodore proclaimed himself emperor at Nicaea.
The introduction begins by proclaiming: "A spectre is haunting Europe—the spectre of communism."
Although CENELEC works closely with the European Union, it is not an EU institution.
One of the potential side effects of treatment is the Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction.
Males are affected 50% more frequently than are females, and there is an increased prevalence in autumn.
Bhutan became a member of the United Nations in 1971.
SMILES strings can be imported by most molecule editors for conversion back into two-dimensional drawings or three-dimensional models of the molecules.
So Jesus has two natures, one human and one divine.
40,000 people were placed under investigation; of these, more than 2,200 government officials and 4,000 police officers were purged.
The first model entered service in 1952, and replaced the Mi-1.
He played only one match against Australia there.
The Reichstag, Germany's parliament building in Berlin, was set on fire.
Since croup is usually a viral disease, antibiotics are not used unless secondary bacterial infection is suspected.
And see for yourself: in the Soviet Union, everyone is for peace and friendship among peoples.
Most oil fields are much smaller.
The CDC recommends that sexually active men who have sex with men be tested at least yearly.
The ancient Republic of Venice was partitioned between Austria and France.
By the end of September the stock had fallen to £150.
A successor, ARM3, was produced with a 4 KB cache, which further improved performance.
Prevention is by improved sanitation, which includes improving access to toilets and proper disposal of feces.
It is also the most eastern village in Switzerland.
The Liber is one of the primary sources for contemporary Burgundian life, as well as the history of its kings.
From May to September, rain in Israel is rare.
This standard was dubbed MIDI (Musical Instrument Digital Interface).
The Byzantines, however, eventually recovered, and in 1014, under Basil II, inflicted a crushing defeat on the Bulgarians at the Battle of Kleidion.
He assisted his father in writing The Natural Arrangement of British Plants (1821).
He married Russian mathematician Tatyana Alexeyevna Afanasyeva, who collaborated with him in his work.
This exotic form of matter is known as degenerate matter.
In addition to offensive techniques, defensive techniques are also available.
The capital is the city of Coronel Oviedo.
Back in Albania, Moisiu continued his military career in the engineers' department of the Ministry of Defense.
It is central to some philosophical theories of history, such as those of Hegel and Marx.
Global rates of asthma have increased significantly between the 1960s and 2008 with it being recognized as a major public health problem since the 1970s.
A secret treaty was concluded between the Ottoman Empire and the German Empire on August 2, 1914.
The type material consists of teeth.
Christopher Columbus used this on his transatlantic voyages.
Janszoon proceeded to chart some 320 kilometres (199 miles) of the coastline, which he thought was a southerly extension of New Guinea.
The oldest rocks on Earth are found in the North American craton of Canada.
My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?
The mass of the oceans is approximately 1.35×1018 metric tons or about 1/4400 of Earth's total mass.
In 1906 a committee for the construction of the church was created.
Amphetamine, cocaine, and to a lesser extent alcohol, can result in a transient stimulant psychosis or alcohol-related psychosis that presents very similarly to schizophrenia.
Harriet Taylor Mill was a British philosopher and women's rights advocate.
Miss Universe is an annual international beauty contest that is run by the Miss Universe Organization.
Asthma was known as one of the "holy seven" psychosomatic illnesses.
Within Iraq, it is known as the "city of mosques" for the more than 200 mosques found in the city and the surrounding villages.
It is estimated that 30-40 vehicles have sunk into the lake over the years.
The inaugural race was held in 1929 and was won by William Grover-Williams in a Bugatti.
The Mediterranean Sea to the south separates Europe from Africa.
The contaminated clothing has to be removed.
The Allied armies attempted to halt the German Army in Belgium, believing it to be the main German thrust.
This is what gives rise to color.
That meant facing what will be called the Turkish War of Independence.
Dmitri Mendeleev presented the first periodic table to the Russian Chemical Society.
During this time there was large scale famine.
Creation of a broadly effective vaccine is, thus, highly improbable.
The injury kept him out of play for 1 year and half.
The system of Japanese numerals is the system of number names used in the Japanese language.
She is kind towards the children, but can be firm when needed.
For more severe cases, intravenous fluids may be needed.
The accounts of his death are contradictory.
I think life without tension would be very boring and useless.
While the cause of the common cold has only been identified since the 1950s, the disease has been with humanity throughout history.
Further pictures relate important events from the country's history.
A very favorable apparition followed in 1879, allowing the comet to be observed for the longest time to date – four months.
Complications are either directly caused by obesity or indirectly related through mechanisms sharing a common cause such as a poor diet or a sedentary lifestyle.
It is a major cause of death among all age groups resulting in 4 million deaths (7% of the world's total death) yearly.
Mother-to-child transmission of hepatitis C occurs in less than 10% of pregnancies.
The issuance of the currency is controlled by the Reserve Bank of India.
Phobos rises in the west, sets in the east, and rises again in just 11 hours.
Joscelin was blinded and died in his prison in Aleppo in 1159.
In 1980 he received his doctorate for a dissertation on the problems of Austrian defence policy.
The formation of stars occurs exclusively within molecular clouds.
The oral cholera vaccine has been found to be 50–60% effective over 2 years.
Rabbi Ahron Daum is a prolific author who has written on a diverse scope of topics within the field of Jewish studies.
Those who quit smoking gain an average of 4.4 kilograms (9.7 lb) for men and 5.0 kilograms (11.0 lb) for women over ten years.
As a result, obesity has been found to reduce life expectancy.
This could be partly explained by the fact that having dependent children decreases physical activity in Western parents.
In 1950, the club was dissolved but re-founded later the same year.
Other measures include improving access to sanitation such as ensuring use of functional and clean toilets and access to clean water.
This was the first series to be made in colour.
In 1945 the previous situation was restored.
Human parainfluenza virus typically results in inflammation of the nose, throat, and bronchi.
Gross domestic product is the value of all final goods and services produced within a nation in a given year.
Since 1893 the Corinth Canal has run through the 6.3 km wide isthmus, effectively making the Peloponnese an island.
German South West Africa was the only German colony in which Germans settled in large numbers.
Most pears are deciduous, but one or two species in southeast Asia are evergreen.
The estimate range for annual expenditures on diet products is $40 billion to $100 billion in the US alone.
In 1871 Richard Dedekind called a set of real or complex numbers which is closed under the four arithmetic operations a field.
Her influence over her husband was great, and in general beneficial.
If infection is only with a few worms, there are often no symptoms.
A woman's risk increases by 7% per child, while a man's risk increases by 4% per child.
Initial assessment of the hypertensive people should include a complete history and physical examination.
Hugbert started the implementation of his predecessor's plan to create an independent Bavarian church.
Then she spent a year in Budapest working for a local radio station.
The Catholic Church honours him as a saint.
And you ask are we doing anything so that war will not break out.
Cox fixed many of these bugs and went on to rewrite much of the networking subsystem.
During the 20th century, as populations reached their genetic potential for height, weight began increasing much more than height, resulting in obesity.
The list is published annually by Fortune magazine.
According to special relativity, two observers moving relative to each other must use different time coordinates.
The Solar System has been relatively well-studied, initially through telescopes and then later by spacecraft.
Young footballers take part in various events outside the official season.
In the mid-9th century, Boris I decided to establish Christianity as a state religion in Bulgaria.
It is the simplest organic nitro compound.
Equivalently, an edge is a bridge if and only if it is not contained in any cycle.
Researchers, therefore, conclude that reducing obesity may improve the public's health, but it is unlikely to reduce overall health spending.
Some methods of birth control can be started immediately following the birth, while others require a delay of up to six months.
Its emblem, like that of all Caesar's legions, was the bull, together with the lion.
The 603 is notable due to its very low cost and power consumption.
Therefore, Mathilde knows only a few words in Polish.
She found particularly offensive the Foreign Secretary, Lord Palmerston, who often acted without consulting the Cabinet, the Prime Minister, or the Queen.
Philip had to surrender his fleet and become a Roman ally, but was otherwise spared.
The World Health Organization's 2009 classification divides dengue fever into two groups: uncomplicated and severe.
Its first Director General was Stefan Demby, succeeded in 1934 by Stefan Vrtel-Wierczyński.
Some research shows that obese people are less likely to be hired for a job and are less likely to be promoted.
For the most part, the sea lies on the European continental shelf.
It is named in honor of the French mathematician, philosopher and physicist Blaise Pascal.
Mydoom, also known as W32.MyDoom@mm, Novarg, Mimail.R and Shimgapi, is a computer worm affecting Microsoft Windows.
Meanwhile, Boniface's relatives from Montferrat made claims to Epirus as well, and in 1210 Michael allied with the Venetians and attacked Boniface's Kingdom of Thessalonica.
In 777, he called a national diet at Paderborn to integrate Saxony fully into the Frankish kingdom.
Caesar paid the soldiers with his own resources, but the legion was later recognized by the Roman Senate.
The worm contains the text message "andy; I'm just doing my job, nothing personal, sorry," leading many to believe that the worm's creator was paid.
Most of this extra food energy came from an increase in carbohydrate consumption rather than fat consumption.
They should be taken one half to one hour before a meal.
The Bulgar religion was monotheistic, linked to the cult to Tangra, the God of the Sky.
The head is of medium length.
He jointly won the Nobel Prize in Physics "for pioneering contributions to astrophysics, in particular for the detection of cosmic neutrinos".
A limited number of cases are due primarily to genetics, medical reasons, or psychiatric illness.
This coincidentally has the same name in nearly every language.
Certain articles from this book were written in Rabbinic Hebrew and were later separately published under the title "Iyunim b’Halacha".
The first issue of National Geographic Magazine was published.
In the developing world, women, men, and children from high social classes had greater rates of obesity.
A peace between the Duchy and the Eastern Empire was signed in 680.
The Persian leopard is said to be the largest of all the subspecies of leopards in the world.
And the love story happens between them.
André-Marie Ampère quickly repeated Ørsted's experiment, and formulated them mathematically.
Dušan opened new trade routes and strengthened the economy of the state.
In all cases, the age of these rocks is greater than 570 million years and sometimes dates back 2 to 3.5 billion years.
This can be quite difficult and require much patience.
During World War I, Germans brought in their specialists, who made several attempts to restore the castle.
To be able to do so, he cut the edges of the folios, which resulted in fragments of the illumination being lost.
On 26 November, food ran out.
However, this did not affect her career.
The Moon is Earth's only natural satellite.
Prince Constantijn rarely attends public events in his capacity as a member of the Dutch Royal House.
The convent was named Eyke (“oak”), for the oak trees that grew there.
Saint Willibrord consecrated Harlindis as the first abbess of this religious community.
Obesity in pets is common in many countries.
On the occasion of the restoration, the manuscript was photographed at the Belgian Royal Institute for Cultural Heritage.
Because shipwrecks around the islands were so common, for some time the Royal Navy dispatched a ship every few years to look for stranded survivors.
Another important feature in his work is chamber music.
His sarcophagus was destroyed but has been reconstructed and now sits outside in the Cairo Museum.
However, their accounts must be examined with care, since they often mix facts with fiction and urban legends.
The hull was laid down in April 1989 at the DCNS Brest naval shipyard.
He believes that it is thus unlikely that anniversary specified in the inscription may date to the reign of Theodosius II.
While in the Air Force, he was a member of an aircraft accident investigation board.
Biodiesel can be used in pure form (B100) or may be blended with petroleum diesel at any concentration in most injection pump diesel engines.
Eight columns, each ten metres tall, support a copper dome in the shape of a dervish's hat.
The President supervises the Council of Ministers, coordinates government decisions, and selects government policies to be placed before the legislature.
France would respect the clauses of the Treaty of Frankfurt in their entirety until 1914.
A simple way to form a drop is to allow liquid to flow slowly from the lower end of a vertical tube of small diameter.
Although most of the work had been carried out by 1860, construction was not finished until a decade afterwards.
His father, Dominikus Böhm, was renowned for having built numerous churches throughout Germany.
The vaccine should not be given to people who are pregnant or have very poor immune system function.
The town is divided into two distinct parts: the old town and the new town.
The President is the head of the state and represents the unity of the people of the Republic of Kosovo.
Many artists have acknowledged Barrett's influence on their work.
For a brief time she worked at circus.
Galaxies undergoing such rapid star formation are known as starburst galaxies.
A Nuclear War is a war in which nuclear weapons are used.
The company is active in more than 170 countries worldwide.
The metadata catalogue can be searched via an interactive search engine (Data tab) and through SPARQL queries (Linked data tab).
His most notable achievement was the reconciliation between Germany and France, for which he and Aristide Briand received the Nobel Peace Prize.
Athena was the goddess of wisdom and warriors and the protector of Athens.
A civic guard, composed of mounted hunters and artillery, was formed.
It is the only bridge across the Thames downstream of Central London to be opened since Tower Bridge in 1894.
Komatsu produced its first agricultural tractor prototype in 1931.
Lee had larger plans in mind.
She graduated 23 January 2006 with a Bachelor of Arts in art history, ethnology and modern history.
The republics would lose their role in defence matters, and their TOs would be disarmed and subordinated to JNA headquarters in Belgrade.
Pakistan's political history since independence has been characterized by periods of military rule, political instability and conflicts with India.
This arrangement minimizes the chance of self-fertilisation.
Later, in the 1960s, he was an active opponent of the Vietnam War.
He himself vowed this in several interviews.
The use of acid-suppressing medications – such as proton-pump inhibitors or H2 blockers – is associated with an increased risk of pneumonia.
In many countries, drug overdoses account for approximately 60% of suicides among women and 30% among men.
A Schmidt camera, also referred to as the Schmidt telescope, is a catadioptric astrophotographic telescope designed to provide wide fields of view with limited aberrations.
The fortress at Przemyśl was the only Austrian post that held out and by September 28 was completely behind Russian lines.
The amount of goods transported on the Danube increased to about 100 million tons in 1987.
Hanthana also emphasizes accessibility and internationalization to reach as many people as possible.
Several Indian trading ports, including Pondichéry and Chandernagore, remained under French control until 1954.
The first commercial version, Android 1.0, was released on September 23, 2008.
The original name of Oslo was restored in 1925.
Most of the major temples, including the Parthenon, were rebuilt by order of Pericles during the so-called Golden Age of Athens (460–430 BC).
Friedrich Wöhler and A. A. Bussy independently isolate the metal in 1828 by reacting potassium and beryllium chloride.
The diagnosis of influenza-like illness can be made based on the signs and symptoms; however, confirmation of an influenza infection requires testing.
Lithium hydroxide is a strong base and, when heated with a fat, produces a soap made of lithium stearate.
If the pneumonia is severe, the affected person is generally hospitalized.
The invasion of the lungs may lead to varying degrees of cell death.
Google launched Google Apps for Your Domain, a set of apps for organizations.
In addition, the European Commission used their Emergency aid reserve to respond to crises and unexpected disasters.
Their successors supported the idea that Moscow was the proper heir to Rome and Constantinople.
Throughout the twentieth century, most nations that developed nuclear weapons tested them.
The Danish seizure of Fort Christiansborg and Carlsborg completed the annexation of the Swedish Gold Coast settlements.
It is possible for the program to work on Apple Macintosh computers using Parallels or VirtualBox for Mac.
The Dniester rises in Ukraine, near the city of Drohobych, close to the border with Poland, and flows toward the Black Sea.
Both Windows 98 and Windows 98 Second Edition have problems running on hard drives bigger than 32 GB and certain Phoenix BIOS settings.
Within the first hour of the war, the Egyptian engineering corps tackled the sand barrier.
About 5% of people with schizophrenia die of suicide.
Without treatment, a third of infected people develop tertiary disease.
Each of them is also responsible for logistics, technical information and physical training, respectively.
However, not all studies have confirmed this.
Economic globalization, spurred by advances in communication and transportation technology, has influenced everyday life in many parts of the world.
The fall of Przemyśl led many to believe that Russia would now launch a major offensive into Hungary.
The game is won when a tile with a value of 2048 appears on the board, hence the name of the game.
A total score of ≤ 2 indicates mild croup.
The guaraní was divided into 100 céntimos but, because of inflation, céntimos are no longer in use.
The FC Barcelona president, Enric Llaudet, created the Joan Gamper Trophy in his honour.
Whether the above details are accurate or not, it is clear that Svein, Olaf the Swede and Eirik had ample reason to oppose Olaf Tryggvason.
He spent 108 days in jail between his arrest and trial on December 22, 1930.
Having lost most of the Danube bridges, Mack marched his army back to Ulm.
With Harold Warris Thompson he studied the explosive reaction of hydrogen and oxygen and described the phenomenon of chain reaction.
Strasser spent the years of the Third Reich in exile, first in Czechoslovakia and later in Canada.
He was formally reinstated in his rank and spent his remaining years at Batavia.
Although there are over 100 strains of infectious agents identified, only a few are responsible for the majority of the cases.
The decisive French victory at Austerlitz removed Austria from the war.
Telemann had been the first choice for this position, but withdrew after securing a salary increase in Hamburg.
The subsequent Treaty of Amiens between France and Britain began the longest break in the wars of the Napoleonic period.
He suffered head injuries and remained in a coma for several days.
The Church of Norway had been organized under the Archbishopric of Nidaros in 1152.
Old Bulgarian became the lingua franca of much of Eastern Europe and it came to be known as Old Church Slavonic.
A letter of introduction from Brehm to Joseph Natterer gained him a position at the Naturhistorisches Museum.
Geologists estimate that Mercury's core occupies about 55% of its volume; for Earth this proportion is 17%.
It cost $50 per user account per year.
Lung abscesses can usually be seen with a chest X-ray but frequently require a chest CT scan to confirm the diagnosis.
It is one of largest stars known.
Oxygen is a highly reactive substance and must be segregated from combustible materials.
He opened his own workshop there.
God keeps all created things in existence.
Resolution of this debate will likely need to await further archaeological discoveries.
Naturally occurring iron consists of four stable isotopes: 5.845% of 54Fe, 91.754% of 56Fe, 2.119% of 57Fe and 0.282% of 58Fe.
On the left of the nave are three chapels.
About 1% of all known asteroids in the asteroid belt belong to this family.
A geographic information system (GIS) is a system designed to capture, store, manipulate, analyze, manage, and present spatial or geographic data.
Tyrosine or 4-hydroxyphenylalanine is one of the 20 standard amino acids that are used by cells to synthesize proteins.
If she ascends the throne as expected, she will be Belgium's first queen regnant.
The boundary between Asia and Oceania is not clearly defined.
The Columbine High School massacre was a school shooting that occurred on April 20, 1999, at Columbine High School in Columbine, Colorado, United States.
As a federal republic, Austria is divided into nine states.
These gardens would later belong to the emperors.
The first symptoms are often mistakenly attributed to ageing or stress.
A Midsummer Night's Dream is a comedy written by William Shakespeare.
Dawkins first came to prominence with his 1976 book The Selfish Gene, which popularised the gene-centred view of evolution and introduced the term meme.
People will say we are conservative or even reactionary.
After at least four weeks, the young shoots should be ready to be planted out.
Because of this, he leaves the village.
You will be contradicted, but do not fear; you will have the grace to do what is necessary.
In 362, Rome declared war on them.
The terrorists killed two of the athletes soon after they had taken them hostage and killed the other nine during a failed liberation attempt.
He loves to cause trouble and mess with everybody.
It could break the magic it has.
They reached the finals of the event, but lost to American twins Bob and Mike Bryan.
It orbits very close to the star.
Dietrich then rescued and married her.
The Russians lost 90,000 men in the battle.
Structurally, it is similar to cocaine.
The monetary authority of the eurozone is the Eurosystem.
During this period he studied the Bible.
The Romans built a fort there.
The Pacific Plate is an oceanic tectonic plate that lies beneath the Pacific Ocean.
It is 45 meters tall and weighs over 25,000 tons.
Polish voters elect a bicameral parliament consisting of a 460-member lower house and a 100-member Senate.
At night it is a quiet place.
On the second floor there were living rooms.
Frey achieved solo success in the 1980s.
A Mercury-bound spacecraft launched from Earth must travel 91 million kilometers into the Sun’s gravitational potential well.
This mammal appears to have no natural enemies.
This has become particularly common since the HIV epidemic began.
The player can choose which one he wants to play as.
If exposed to eyes, eyes should be flushed with water.
Until that time, Truth spoke only Dutch.
There are no data on the number of dead.
There are mainly two seasons i.e. summer and winter.
In some areas it is believed that up to 25% of people are affected.
She emigrated to Canada with her family.
It accounts for about 5% of hospital admissions in this population.
The President can dissolve the National Assembly.
It is in the south-east of the island, covering approximately 8% of the country.
On his grave should take place numerous and various miracles.
The connection to the ocean is in the south through the Bab el Mandeb strait and the Gulf of Aden.
The Hubble Space Telescope cannot observe Mercury at all, due to safety procedures that prevent its pointing too close to the Sun.
Adaptation may cause either the gain of a new feature, or the loss of an ancestral feature.
The opposite is true for Venus, which appears brightest when it is a crescent, because it is much closer to Earth than when gibbous.
It is the world's tallest flying bird.
The city has almost 3.3 million inhabitants and a metropolitan area population of approximately 6.5 million.
Other paintings of the late 1850s and 1860s can be interpreted as anticipating aspects of the Aesthetic Movement.
The youngest son, Henry, received money.
A soundtrack for the movie was released on June 17, 2008.
Throughout he was coach and player at the same time.
The head of state is the President, who is elected for a term of five years.
The O2 surrounding those planets is produced solely by the action of ultraviolet radiation on oxygen-containing molecules such as carbon dioxide.
If Mercury were tidally locked, its dark face would be extremely cold, but measurements of radio emission revealed that it was much hotter than expected.
The geological distinction between these two portions of the river is considerable.
The Arno is a river in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Most organisms use DNA, but many viruses have RNA as their genetic material.
The woman is old enough and intelligent enough to make up her own mind.
The coat is long and soft.
Upon her marriage she became Queen of Jordan.
At the back there are several small niches.
Members of this family are still living in Sweden.
Here, the fungi actually grow inside plant cells, allowing them to exchange nutrients with their hosts, while sending signals that suppress the plant immune system.
Gaza's history of habitation dates back 5,000 years, making it one of the oldest cities in the world.
Physicians may also encourage patients to send their partners to seek care.
The largest pyramid by volume is the Great Pyramid of Cholula, in the Mexican state of Puebla.
A hat is an item of clothing worn on the head.
The Städel Museum owns 2,700 paintings (of which 600 are displayed) and a collection of 100,000 drawings and prints as well as 600 sculptures.
Chaucer was born in London sometime around 1343, though the precise date and location remain unknown.
A train in which about 4,000 prisoners were being transported to the nearby Bergen-Belsen concentration camp was hit.
The village was first mentioned in the 14th century.
The society has the right of requesting an account from any public agent of its administration.
As a result an unofficial cease-fire was reached on May 12, 1994, through Russian negotiation, and continues today.
The situation led to tension and caused disputes between the two parties.
The character of Batman made his first appearance in the pages of Detective Comics #27 in May 1939.
It affects more than 150 other animals.
These policies affect basic economic, technological, and ideological structures.
A rapporteur is then appointed to draw up the Committee's opinion.
EuroBillTracker (EBT) is a website designed for tracking euro banknotes.
His work is frequently associated with postmodernism and specifically post-structuralism.
It was even equipped with a radar.
And he owned many Real Estate properties.
Capital must grow, otherwise the whole process breaks down.
It occurs most often in autumn.
The road network in Ireland is primarily focused on Dublin.
All candidates have to be approved by the Guardian Council.
Valentinian was found hanged in his residence in Vienne.
In the 1990s she began writing for children.
It will likely be the first parasitic disease to be globally eradicated.
It is known for producing high quality meat.
They lived at first in Paris.
Fishing and cattle are also important.
This dog has a very short and smooth hair.
Charlotte recalls how she promised her dying mother she would marry Albert.
Smoking has a significant effect on an individual's weight.
I just want to do God's will.
From 1935 he worked at the private bacteriological laboratory which he had earlier founded.
In some cases, sunlight makes it better, especially on the forehead.
The Eagles went into the recording studio in 1977 to begin work on their next album, The Long Run.
Since 1948 he worked as journalist.
Al-Kamil agreed to an eight-year peace agreement with Europe.
This combination of European and North African ship building technologies for the first time made extensive trade and travel over the Atlantic feasible.
There are also Christians who feel this way.
A good number of young poets were trained by him.
She took keen interest in botany as well.
They were received with great enthusiasm by the population.
The castle had changed owners several times.
In the longer term, evolution produces new species through splitting ancestral populations of organisms into new groups that cannot or will not interbreed.
He was born in Rome of a distinguished family.
The vines allude to sacramental wine, the eucharistic symbol of Christ's blood.
In 1961, President Kennedy proposed to Congress the goal of landing a man on the Moon by the end of the decade.
The method of execution used is death by hanging.
The eating or drinking of coffee, vitamin C, and dairy products, as well as physical fitness, appear to decrease the risk.
Some historians believed that he was poisoned.
The cause of death was suicide by hanging.
Their native language is Lithuanian, one of only two surviving members of the Baltic language family.
Along the way, the brothers meet Ruby, a "good" demon, who has an interest in Sam and claims to be able to help save Dean.
To earn income, Nauru briefly became a tax haven and illegal money laundering centre.
Modern diagnostic equipment no longer necessitates this highly risky procedure and no attempt should be made to ingest this highly toxic substance.
Since he lacked formal education in Latin and mathematics, contemporary scholars mostly ignored Leonardo the scientist, although he did teach himself Latin.
Noble gases have several important applications in industries such as lighting, welding, and space exploration.
Celle Castle is based on a fortified wall tower with the character of a water castle, that guarded a ford over the River Aller.
Yosemite is one of the largest and least fragmented habitat blocks in the Sierra Nevada, and the park supports a diversity of plants and animals.
Several universities awarded him honorary doctorates, including Yale and Harvard.
Exempla are drawn from daily life.
Latvian has two grammatical genders, masculine and feminine.
The theory of relativity usually encompasses two interrelated theories by Albert Einstein: special relativity and general relativity.
Parenting style seems to have no major effect, although people with supportive parents do better than those with critical or hostile parents.
The population is massacred and the survivors are sold into slavery.
Sexually active males are an exception, establishing and defending territories where they attract females.
The city is known worldwide as the home of the University of Oxford, the oldest university in the English-speaking world.
The Universal Media Disc (UMD) is a discontinued optical disc medium developed by Sony for use on their PlayStation Portable handheld gaming and multimedia platform.
Another possibility is that planets disrupt the flow of material away from the star as the nebula forms.
His research has had major significance for theoretical physics as well as purely mathematical disciplines including number theory.
In recent years, the city has been experiencing an economic and cultural boom.
In a sense, the pangram is the opposite of the lipogram, in which the aim is to omit one or more letters.
Most prominent are the specific behavioural and physical adaptations that are the outcome of natural selection.
It appears that he spent his remaining years quietly.
It was erected on the exact site of the famous Lighthouse of Alexandria, which was one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.
The first section (paragraphs 2–14) is concerned with Augustus' political career; it records the offices and political honours that he held.
Only fragments of the language have survived, the main evidence being individual words quoted in Latin texts.
As a woman's estrogen levels decrease with menopause, her risk of urinary tract infections increases due to the loss of protective vaginal flora.
This is her first time being in love with somebody.
Early attempts at human-powered flight were unsuccessful because of the difficulty of achieving the high power-to-weight ratio.
Efforts among researchers are now underway to establish and encourage usage of a unified and more consistent nomenclature.
The duke travelled constantly around the duchy, confirming charters and collecting revenues.
The film was nominated for an Oscar.
Nestor's text was extensively edited by the hegumen Sylvester who appended his name at the end of the chronicle.
Among the victims were women and children.
Physical examination may sometimes reveal low blood pressure, high heart rate, or low oxygen saturation.
Pneumonia has been a common disease throughout human history.
Complications may occur in particular in the elderly and those with underlying health problems.
The larvae then pass through the stomach for a second time into the intestine, where they become adult worms.
Treatment at this stage solely limits further progression of the disease and has a limited effect on damage which has already occurred.
In the developed world these infections are most common in people returning from travel or in immigrants.
Antibiotic choice depends initially on the characteristics of the person affected, such as age, underlying health, and the location the infection was acquired.
The spreading of organisms is facilitated when risk factors are present.
The study began in 1932, when syphilis was a widespread problem and there was no safe and effective treatment.
These criteria use the self-reported experiences of the person and reported abnormalities in behavior, followed by a clinical assessment by a mental health professional.
The gas is heavier than air.
The strategic position of the Ardennes has made it a battleground for European powers for centuries.
He also established the relationship between barometric pressure and height above sea level.
He began to teach composition at the Leningrad Conservatory, which provided some financial security but interfered with his creative work.
When Atlas returned with the apples, he did not want to retake the weight of the world back.
The country was facing near bankruptcy.
It can stay under water for up to 40 minutes.
These eggs originate from the feces of infected people.
In winter it is very cold and summer is very hot.
Combinations of two or more lifestyle modifications can achieve even better results.
During the 19th century, views on obesity changed in the Western world.
June is the sixth month of the year in the Gregorian calendar, with a length of 30 days.
Testing is not able to distinguish between acute and chronic infections.
A robot must obey the orders given it by human beings, except where such orders would conflict with the First Law.
And now, like all great things, it has come time for it to end.
This enables the free movement of goods, services, people and capital in the internal market.
The water was then deep enough to carry larger boats.
Later he fought against the Turks in Hungary.
The bomb went off, but Hitler survived.
Active ergs are limited to regions that receive, on average, no more than 150 mm of annual precipitation.
Infection occurs by eating food or drink contaminated with Ascaris eggs from feces.
Over 230,000 German and Italian troops were taken as prisoners of war, including most of the Afrika Korps.
If there is anything virtuous, lovely, or of good report or praiseworthy, we seek after these things.
In 15–20% of active cases, the infection spreads outside the lungs, causing other kinds of tuberculosis.
Diagnosis in young healthy women can be based on symptoms alone.
A diagnosis of the disease can usually be made based on the signs and symptoms.
However, those with other medical conditions, the elderly, or those with significant trouble breathing may require more advanced care.
We believe that men will be punished for their own sins, and not for Adam's transgression...
Michael Faraday discovers electromagnetic induction.
It is visited annually by some 100,000 tourists.
The act of taking one's life for the benefit of others is known as altruistic suicide.
The three colours of the stripes are meant to symbolise solidarity, peace and tranquility, courage, and decisiveness.
Though Brunel's projects were not always successful, they often contained innovative solutions to long-standing engineering problems.
These symptoms may vary from mild to severe and in healthy women last an average of six days.
Some countries recommend it routinely for children and those at higher risk who have not previously been vaccinated.
The product is called a 3D model.
Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels published The Communist Manifesto.
Where do the data on the EU Open Data Portal come from?
Acetone and phenol are used as feeder materials in the synthesis of many different substances.
The French chemist Antoine Laurent Lavoisier later claimed to have discovered the new substance independently.
Since its premiere, MTV revolutionized the music industry.
The king marched through Edwin's lands and built a castle at Warwick.
The original BSD license was used for its namesake, the Berkeley Software Distribution (BSD), a Unix-like operating system.
During his search for argon, Ramsay also managed to isolate helium for the first time while heating cleveite, a mineral.
Russell began publishing a monthly religious journal, Zion's Watch Tower and Herald of Christ's Presence.
His father, Eddie Rashbaum, played the trumpet.
Other units of time, the minute, hour, and day, are accepted for use with the modern metric system, but are not part of it.
Many oxides of the transition metals are non-stoichiometric compounds, with slightly less metal than the chemical formula would show.
The Japanese warships then sighted, opened fire, and damaged the South Dakota.
Consequently all former powers of the President of the Reich are demised to the Führer and Chancellor of the Reich Adolf Hitler.
He sent Jackson on another flanking march in an attempt to interpose his army between Pope and Washington.
Like the prisoner's dilemma, everyone is worse off by playing the unique equilibrium than they would have been if they collectively pursued another strategy.
In 944, Edmund was successful in reconquering Northumbria.
William's lands were divided after his death: Normandy went to his eldest son, Robert Curthose, and his second surviving son, William Rufus, received England.
The town held out for 18 days, and after it fell to William he built a castle to secure his control.
He published several catalogues of the museum collections that included comprehensive discussions of animal groups as well as descriptions of new species.
The rod numeral system is a positional numeral system used by the Chinese in mathematics.
Alaska celebrates the purchase each year on the last Monday of March, which is known as Seward's Day.
He was baptised at Sorgenfri Palace on 9 April 1899.
Heavy water is used as a neutron moderator and coolant for nuclear reactors.
Eritrea officially became a colony of Italy.
For the rest of the year the highland roads are closed.
For example, in the solar wind they interact with the Earth's magnetosphere giving rise to Birkeland currents and the aurora.
The following summer, the band had their first time playing festivals in Finland and other countries.
He died in the fifty-ninth year of his reign according to all the sources available.
Priestley visited Lavoisier and told him about his experiment and how he liberated the new gas.
During the Hellenistic period, some city-states established public schools.
Over the following two decades, prefectural level cities have come to replace the vast majority of Chinese prefectures; the process is still ongoing.
The bombardment, which had been carefully targeted by means of aerial photography, began on 22 September.
Partnership for Peace is a NATO program aimed at creating trust between NATO and other states in Europe and the former Soviet Union.
Therefore, it was surmised that H II regions must be regions in which new stars were forming.
The new Italian government decided to confiscate many properties of the Church, including the library of the Collegio.
From this day all generations will call me blessed, the Almighty has done great things for me, and holy is his Name.
Several countries use it as their official currency, and in many others, it is the de facto currency.
For financial and scripting reasons, the original book was divided into two films which were shot consecutively.
After her doctorate, Payne studied stars of high luminosity in order to understand the structure of the Milky Way.
In 1885, Toppan began training to be a nurse at Cambridge Hospital.
Constipation is a symptom, not a disease.
Jupiter is usually the fourth brightest object in the sky (after the Sun, the Moon and Venus); at times Mars appears brighter than Jupiter.
After Ruprecht's death in 1410, his land was divided between his four sons.
During World War II, Parisian members of the French Resistance used the tunnel system.
Pair programming is an agile software development technique in which two programmers work together at one workstation.
Luanda is the capital and largest city in Angola.
Hungary also survived a Mongol invasion in 1285.
Here they establish a plan to prank their target.
If he fails, he will be destroyed.
I is the ninth letter of the Latin alphabet.
This work later was extended to the Magellanic Clouds, adding a further 2,000,000 observations of variable stars.
His son Titus remained in Judaea to deal with the Jewish rebellion.
Subsequent military and economic tensions between Britain and Germany were major causes of the First World War, during which Britain relied heavily upon its empire.
Before long, they had control of the entire island.
Windows NT 3.1 was available in two editions: Windows NT 3.1 for workstations, and Windows NT 3.1 Advanced Server for servers.
One way to think of the Euclidean plane is as a set of points satisfying certain relationships, expressible in terms of distance and angle.
For this reason, he does not make a clear distinction between philosophy and theology, because he believes they are both concerned with the same subject.
In 1994, Lisbon was the European Capital of Culture.
Riot police suppressed a peaceful student demonstration in Prague.
Israel and the Vatican established diplomatic relations.
During the last years of his life his health had been ruined by alcohol abuse.
The New Yorker is an American magazine featuring journalism, commentary, criticism, essays, fiction, satire, cartoons, and poetry.
She then studied variable stars, making over 1,250,000 observations with her assistants.
The Berkeley Software Distribution, known as BSD, is the UNIX derivative distributed by the University of California, Berkeley, starting in the 1970s.
Its territory included most of the present Belgian provinces of Liège and Limburg, and some exclaves in other parts of Belgium and the Netherlands.
A light-year is the distance that light travels through a vacuum in one year.
At the latest, it was probably finished by 1100 when Bishop Ranulf Flambard was imprisoned there.
Hitler approved the use of Spanish volunteers.
He is notable for being the first Eastern Emperor to legislate in Greek rather than Latin.
The Catherine Wolfe Bruce Gold Medal is awarded every year by the Astronomical Society of the Pacific for outstanding lifetime contributions to astronomy.
The first progress on a solution was made by Carl Friedrich Gauss, hence its name.
The phenomenon is most apparent in Japan but exists to some degree in other countries as well.
After five years or more large areas of skin may die, leaving a scar.
The French navy occupied the city to prevent British conquest of the area.
Each country had 10 jury members who each awarded 1 point to their favourite song.
The clock has its original medieval face.
In 1975 and in 2012, the award was not given.
Cooper originally considered only the case of an isolated pair's formation in a metal.
Artificial horizontal gene transfer is a form of genetic engineering.
It won the support of many wealthy and influential backers.
His pupil, Chares of Lindos, constructed the Colossus of Rhodes, one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.
One corresponding concept in mechanics is the principle of least action.
The Dutch colonial settlement of New Amsterdam later became New York City.
The problem is named after Basel, hometown of Euler as well as of the Bernoulli family who unsuccessfully attacked the problem.
The 26 Cantons of Switzerland demonstrate autonomism in a federal state.
It lies on the Mekong river.
UC Berkeley physics professor J. Robert Oppenheimer was named scientific head of the Manhattan Project in 1942.
On her seventh attempt, she succeeded in crossing the Pyrenees to Spain.
Eleven days after the death of Clement VIII, 62 cardinals entered the conclave.
The town itself must have originated from that era.
William's death thus ended the personal union of Britain and Hanover, which had persisted since 1714.
Within two years after Umma-Khan's death, the khanate voluntarily submitted to Russian authority.
Besides the anime series, Studio Pierrot has developed eleven movies and eleven original video animations (OVAs).
The ChemSpider database is owned by the Royal Society of Chemistry.
The film got a very wide and good reception worldwide.
Their second album, A Year Without Rain was released on September 17, 2010.
The mixture of nitric and hydrochloric acids was known as aqua regia (royal water), celebrated for its ability to dissolve gold, the king of metals.
Yes, across Europe, this wall will fall.
The Norman Conquest of London manifested itself not only with a new ruling class, but in the way the city was structured.
In April 2017, the song was given an English remix featuring Canadian singer Justin Bieber.
The flaw in Dalton's theory was corrected in principle in 1811 by Amedeo Avogadro.
A new post-war military, the Reichswehr, was established on 23 March 1921.
It is named after John Langdon Down, a British doctor who fully described the syndrome in 1866.
Also, Windows 2000 compatibility was removed.
As a result, Sandomierz lost its role as an administrative capital.
Because most of the cathedral was built in only 38 years, it has a single consistent architectural style, Early English Gothic.
The Queen did sustain injury when she was assaulted by a possibly insane ex-army officer, Robert Pate.
In a similar attack, unemployed Irishman William Hamilton fired a powder-filled pistol at Victoria's carriage as it passed along Constitution Hill, London.
The innermost ward was transformed and the palace buildings removed.
This is a day spent honoring the dead.
It was soon understood that Columbus had not reached Asia but had found a new continent, the Americas.
The same opinion has been put forth by Western scholars.
Wangarĩ Muta Maathai was a Kenyan environmental political activist and Nobel laureate.
By the early morning hours, the whole of Greece was in the hands of the colonels.
This is the first time in the tournament's history that no winner was declared.
There they built cabins and sod houses for the winter.
She only appears in the books.
It is more likely that this is the day he was buried.
In recent years Nueva Germania has tempered into a more genial destination, with bed and breakfasts and a makeshift historical museum.
On their way out, a strange man watches them.
Each soldier had to provide his own weapons, armor, horse, and food.
Rudolf Virchow stated that new cells come from pre-existing cells by cell division (omnis cellula ex cellula).
He loves his son very much.
The Romanian army attacked anyway.
Passengers of all nationalities transiting in Qatar by flying Qatar Airways are eligible to apply for a free of charge 96 hours Transit Visa.
Scalability: the system should function efficiently even with thousands or millions of nodes.
Although it was mainly a radio programme, there were cameras in the studio for the benefit of the few Europeans who possessed a television.
Oleskiw asked Genik if he could accompany and lead his second contingent of Ukrainians on their voyage to Canada and help them get settled.
As a result, she was hired to write songs for Britney Spears, New Kids on the Block, Fergie, and The Pussycat Dolls.
Occasionally, multiple lesions may be present (~40%), with multiple lesions being more common when coinfected with HIV.
Constitutionally, the Soviet Union was a federation.
Events at Ulm were now reaching a conclusion.
National advertisement market consists of media projects.
In 1990, she and Edoardo Bennato sang "Un'estate italiana", the official song of the Football World Cup 1990 composed by Giorgio Moroder.
In September 1996 the Taliban captured Kabul.
Conan the Barbarian is a character created by Robert E. Howard.
For the album, the Jonas Brothers covered two hit songs by UK band Busted – "Year 3000" and "What I Go to School For".
EBBA Award winners perform live during the show, as well as during the festival itself.
They seem to have been associated with the making of bread.
Both flags must be at the same height and of equal size.
To complete his reconquest of Spain, Napoleon advanced on Madrid with 40,000 men.
Other loci have shown a protective effect, such as HLA-C554 and HLA-DRB1*11.
The Council had to carefully maneuver between the Germans, whose troops were present in Lithuania, and the demands of the Lithuanian people.
One who is deaf cannot hear music.
Their daughters married into a number of western European royal and princely families.
Some have competed in different weight classes.
Epitheres are one of the most successful groups of animals.
It is found throughout Europe except Iceland.
This is known as the geocentric model of the Universe, or the Ptolemaic system, named after Ptolemy.
The Essonne department was created on 1 January 1968, from the southern portion of the former department of Seine-et-Oise.
March 18 Cosmonaut Alexei Leonov leaves his Voskhod 2 spacecraft for 12 minutes, becomes the first person to walk in space.
In primary TB disease (some 1–5% of cases), this occurs soon after the initial infection.
This glottal stop is never written at the beginning of a word.
The most common cause of infection is Escherichia coli, though other bacteria or fungi may rarely be the cause.
An example is the Java programming language.
It is based on a standard established by the Congress of Orientalists at Athens in 1912.
Guatemala and the leaders of the Guatemalan National Revolutionary Unity sign a peace accord that ends the 36-year Guatemalan Civil War.
The United Nations General Assembly adopts the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The issue is more complex for priests.
The act was passed on 23 March 1933, legally granting Hitler dictatorial powers.
It does not offer support for OpenDocument formats.
The Roman calendar was structured around religious observances.
It contains a method, now known as the Newton–Raphson method, for approximating the roots of an equation.
It is the sum of points assigned for five factors: level of consciousness, cyanosis, stridor, air entry, and retractions.
Vaccination of infants against Haemophilus influenzae type B began in 1988 and led to a dramatic decline in cases shortly thereafter.
It was a record of Burgundian customary law and is typical of the many Germanic law codes from this period.
If inflation occurred, exponential expansion would push large regions of space well beyond our observable horizon.
The division of the Goths is first attested in 291.
In 2008, WestNet will be building a loading point for iron ore traffic.
When they reach the final door they discover it has been padlocked.
The people have right to ask the ombudsman for intervention.
Both her parents are active members of the local Republican political party.
As the spectra of these stars vary due to the Doppler effect, they are called spectroscopic binaries.
Herz was a believer in stylistic restoration but practised it with moderation, good taste and common sense.
To keep the Ottoman Empire from joining the Triple Entente, Germany encouraged Romania and Bulgaria to enter the Central Powers.
Leo unsuccessfully attempted to reconquer North Africa from the Vandals.
Although a few mineral grains are known to be Hadean, the oldest rock formations exposed on the surface of the Earth are Archean.
Another conductor that he was very impressed with was Hans Knappertsbusch.
In the past vegetable dishes were essential, but meat consumption has increased.
The oldest book is a Latin bible dating from 1491.
The countries with the greatest absolute numbers of suicides are China and India, accounting for over half the total.
Like its predecessor, Windows 98 is a hybrid 16-bit and 32-bit monolithic product with the boot stage based on MS-DOS.
The club was founded on 22 May 1898 as FC Olympia Darmstadt.
IRC is an open protocol that uses TCP and, optionally, TLS.
The Peter Pan character first appeared in print in the 1902 novel The Little White Bird, written for adults.
The date of the battle, June 15, is still celebrated as Valdemarsdag (the national "flag day") in present-day Denmark.
Members of Monty Python greatly admired him.
Worldwide, 30% of suicides are from pesticide poisonings.
In a moderate or severe exacerbation, corticosteroids by mouth are added to these treatments.
The war led to a series of major shifts on the Yugoslav side.
Drive is sent to the front wheels.
The EBBA Awards were launched by the European Commission and are a European Union award.
Arc stands on the border between forest and field.
Indeed, they rejected the Buddhist and Taoist religions.
His early work is influenced by Expressionism.
1 is the best grade, and 6 is the worst.
Articles 40–50 govern ratification, entry into force, and amendment of the Convention.
He also had his own publishing house and a bookshop.
That same year, she suffered a personal tragedy when her son died.
A fishing accident resulted in the deaths of one-third of Hestur's men.
Financial difficulties forced him to abandon his studies.
Real numbers are generalized to complex numbers.
It is also customizable, so users can change the editor's theme, keyboard shortcuts, and preferences.
He started his rabbinical career in Switzerland as a community Rabbi in the town of Biel, a bilingual French/German town.
The first issue of London's first daily newspaper, the Daily Courant, was published in Fleet Street.
It is estimated that sinusitis occurs in 8% and ear infection in 30% of cases.
The first artistic director of the theater group Rahmonberdi Madazimov was the first founder and organizer of the theater movement in Kyrgyzstan.
About 8–10 days later, the virus spreads to other tissues including the mosquito's salivary glands and is subsequently released into its saliva.
Hostilities between Philip and John resumed immediately.
Bacteria from the same group also cause tuberculosis and leprosy.
In the meantime, the powers of the incumbent President of the Republic are extended.
Only if we isolate the forces acting on a particular body do the advanced potentials make their appearance.
No Discrimination Against Persons or Groups The license must not discriminate against any person or group of persons.
Since 1956 it has served as the town hall.
Treatment, and response to treatment, are also similar.
From 2015, the tournament was replaced by the WTA Elite Trophy.
It is thought the church's tower is from this same time period.
They concluded that there must be a ring system around Uranus.
The 1000th asteroid to be numbered was named 1000 Piazzia in his honour.
Dengue can occasionally affect several other body systems, either in isolation or along with the classic dengue symptoms.
They are highly dependent on water and need to drink every two or three days during summer.
Its first flight occurred on 4 April 2009.
Coinfection with helminths affects around 800 million people worldwide.
However, both the Castle and Park are now under strict protection.
His hair hangs down over his eyes.
It was visible to the naked eye for a record 18 months, twice as long as the previous record holder, the Great Comet of 1811.
Shortly thereafter, he began posting his music on YouTube and SoundCloud.
He has studied galaxies with the Schmidt telescope at the Karl Schwarzschild Observatory in Tautenburg, Germany.
It is named after Louis Néel, who received the 1970 Nobel prize in physics for his work in the area.
Each MESMA system costs around US$50–60 million.
For these reasons, he was suspicious to the new Communist regime.
The s-block comprises the first two groups (alkali metals and alkaline earth metals) as well as hydrogen and helium.
Corpulence is, however, absent in both Greek and Roman art, probably in keeping with their ideals regarding moderation.
In modern Western culture, excess weight is often regarded as unattractive, and obesity is commonly associated with various negative stereotypes.
He prefers shooting the ball with his right foot.
The Internal Market Information System (IMI) is an IT-based network that links public bodies in the European Economic Area.
The name 99U comes from the Thomas Edison quote that "Genius is 1% inspiration, 99% perspiration."
In a private ceremony in 2001 he was received into the Catholic Church, and therefore forfeited his right of succession to the British throne.
The imperial army arrived in October and scattered the Vikings.
This kind of intensive military administration corresponded to the Austrian Military Frontier on the other side of the same border.
Rhinovirus-caused colds are most infectious during the first three days of symptoms; they are much less infectious afterwards.
Chronic bronchitis is defined as a productive cough that lasts for three months or more per year for at least two years.
A referendum on independence for Southern Sudan was held from 9 to 15 January 2011.
It is also very likely that there were goods left inside the tombs, a way of remembering those who passed away.
Palladio died in 1580 and a second architect, Vincenzo Scamozzi, was employed by the new owners to oversee the completion.
The city's architecture is a mix of styles.
Abstract algebra is the subject area of mathematics that studies algebraic structures, such as groups, rings, fields, modules, vector spaces, and algebras.
When the scandal erupts, she returns to her old life.
If symptoms do not improve in two or three days, further diagnostic testing may be needed.
The use of corticosteroids is controversial.
This is primarily due to increasing use of mechanized transportation and a greater prevalence of labor-saving technology in the home.
In this film Masuda dressed in Yamamoto's Ready-to-wear collection.
The total number of speakers of Gbe languages is between four and eight million.
Ankō was assassinated in his third year of reign by Mayowa no Ōkimi (Prince Mayowa), in retaliation for the execution of Mayowa's father.
He has conducted wildlife requiems, including for a California Brown Pelican on the berm crest of a beach where the animal had fallen.
This is most likely due to rates of smoking in women and men becoming more similar.
After the collapse of the Soviet Union, the Cuban economy went into decline.
In 2000, the extra weight of obese passengers cost airlines US$275 million.
In regions such as Sub-Saharan Africa, the Stone Age was followed directly by the Iron Age.
He remained active in and around Paris until around 1848 when he retired from the musical scene.
The soil should be well drained.
The first narrowing of the Danube lies beyond the Romanian isle of Moldova Veche and is known as the Golubac gorge.
The risk is greater in those taking proton pump inhibitors than with H2 antagonists.
Atmospheric pressure is the pressure at any given point in the Earth's atmosphere.
Malerba held technical and technical management positions with Digital Equipment in Italy and in Europe.
Word of their success quickly reached Paris.
From this marriage came two sons, Steven and Werner.
Hitler appears to have had a high opinion of him.
He achieved his first win at Valencia.
It was famous amongst the Greeks.
The High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy also takes part in its meetings.
It is separated from the Moscow Kremlin by Red Square.
This world is very similar to the Earth humans live on, except for a few differences.
In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.
Temperature control was maintained through thermal insulation and a system of radiators.
Agricultural policy and techniques in the United States and Europe have led to lower food prices.
Among developed countries, levels of adult obesity, and percentage of teenage children who are overweight, are correlated with income inequality.
These aspects of his character contributed greatly to his renown after his death.
With Jesus’ sacrifice on the cross, the sins of humans were forgiven, but their sinful nature was not eradicated.
The same is true of the F-35B Lightning II, which demonstrated VTOL capability in test flights but is operationally STOVL.
Perfumes are a common cause of acute attacks in women and children.
By convention, the standard form defines a minimization problem.
Electrocardiogram testing is done to check for evidence that the heart is under strain from high blood pressure.
According to the 1996 Guinness Book of World Records, it is the longest word published in the German language.
In the outer Solar System, comets remain frozen and are extremely difficult or impossible to detect from Earth due to their small size.
Wham! were an English pop duo consisting of George Michael and Andrew Ridgeley, formed in London in 1981.
It can also be applied to wounds to prevent infection.
Infection with one serotype is thought to produce lifelong immunity to that type, but only short-term protection against the other three.
The Allied Control Council proclaimed the dissolution of the Prussian state.
This led to a defeat of the French cavalry.
It traded primarily in wine, wood and cereals.
The alcohol content usually ranges from 4.4% to 5.4%.
During his tenure as Chief Rabbi of Frankfurt am Main, he regularly wrote articles for "Die Jüdische Allgemeine" and the bi-monthly magazine "Die Gemeinde".
The respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), on the other hand, is contracted by direct contact and airborne droplets.
There are ongoing programs working on a dengue vaccine to cover all four serotypes.
There is no distinction between subject and object.
His father Schmuel Daum was an important educator, writer, and communal figure, hailing from a prominent rabbinic family from Poland and Bohemia.
In 1450 he received permission to lead an army for King Alfonso of Naples in Lombardy, with the intent of gaining some possessions for himself.
One of the concerns is that a vaccine could increase the risk of severe disease through antibody-dependent enhancement (ADE).
In adults, a fever is generally not present but it is common in infants and young children.
The license must not restrict anyone from making use of the program in a specific field of endeavor.
Project leader Andrew Eddie wrote a letter that appeared on the announcements section of the public forum at mamboserver.com.
In the same year, she hosted Saturday Night Live.
Former Prime Minister and playwright Alfred Sant considered it Sammut's "masterpiece", and British author and poet Marjorie Boulton called it "a colossal work".
A BMI above 32 kg/m2 has been associated with a doubled mortality rate among women over a 16-year period.
The Mohorovičić discontinuity, usually referred to as the Moho, is the boundary between the Earth's crust and the mantle.
With an area of 238,400 square kilometers, Romania is the twelfth-largest country in Europe.
His successor Muhammad I al-Mustansir took the title of Caliph.
Bismuth subsalicylate, an insoluble complex of trivalent bismuth and salicylate, can be used in mild to moderate cases, but salicylate toxicity is theoretically possible.
As he was still a minor at the time, his mother had to sign the contract on his behalf.
The aureus was a gold coin of ancient Rome originally valued at 25 pure silver denarii.
Before becoming Director General in 2007, he was Deputy Director General and Director for Research, as well as Head of Special Collections.
Prior to the Nagorno-Karabakh War, the economy of Stepanakert was mainly based on food-processing industries, silk weaving and winemaking.
That same year, he made his first visit to Paris, where he met Pablo Picasso, whom the young Dalí revered.
George later became a strong ally of Emperor Maximilian I and supported his campaigns in Swabia, Switzerland, Geldern and Hungary.
We are black and we are proud of being black.
James Naismith published the rules of basketball.
In some fields, such as mathematics, computer science, economics, and the social sciences, the NSF is the major source of federal backing.
Catalonia consists of four provinces: Barcelona, Girona, Lleida, and Tarragona.
The Vasari Corridor was built in five months by order of Duke Cosimo I de' Medici, to the design of Giorgio Vasari.
The book was probably produced in the scriptorium in the Abbey of Echternach.
The Codex Eyckensis was used at the convent to study and also to promulgate the teachings of Christ.
Freud considered this realization a defining moment in a series of transitions toward a mature female sexuality and gender identity.
Several further agreements were signed, with the intention of providing greater political, economic, and social integration.
Even simple unicellular organisms such as bacteria possess a rudimentary immune system in the form of enzymes that protect against bacteriophage infections.
Rákosi once again became the leader of Hungary.
While a fugitive, he was elected three times to the House of Commons of Canada, although he never assumed his seat.
The Italian invasion of Albania was a brief military campaign by the Kingdom of Italy against the Albanian Kingdom.
He discovered the asteroid 55 Pandora in 1858.
In addition, he closely studied the affairs of the Riksdag, Government, and Ministry for Foreign Affairs.
King Alfonso VI made important donations to the new church.
After the French were expelled, power was seized in 1805 by Muhammad Ali Pasha, an Albanian military commander of the Ottoman army in Egypt.
They later moved to North Oakland, although Gillum continued to attend school in Berkeley.
Both evangelistaries that now constitute the Codex Eyckensis were presumably brought from the Abbey of Echternach to Aldeneik by Saint Willibrord.
The individual freedom of expression is therefore essential to the well-being of society.
In Dalí's later years, young artists such as Andy Warhol proclaimed him an important influence on pop art.
What is left of these first small continents are called cratons.
It was given the temporary designation S/2004 S 2.
Frederick was captured in 1281, but after a long war his father recognized the rights of the brothers in 1289.
Hawaii became an official U.S. territory.
After the war, the church was rebuilt.
The novel is set in ancient China.
Estonia has won the contest once in 2001 with the song "Everybody" performed by Tanel Padar, Dave Benton and 2XL.
Meanwhile, a series of protracted infantry engagements resulted in the rout of the Swiss and French infantry.
Every time a head is chopped off, two new heads grow back.
However, the gravitational disruptions caused by such an event could cause a wave of star formation to move through the larger galaxy.
The CIL presently consists of 17 volumes in about 70 parts, recording approximately 180,000 inscriptions.
Francis now turned his attention to Lombardy.
Alexandra was famous in Saint Petersburg society for both her wit and her lively personality.
Both pieces seem to have been executed by the same sculptor.
In 1946, the first democratic elections after the Second World War were held.
The Khangai Mountains are an old mountain range in central Mongolia, some 400 kilometres west of Ulaanbaatar.
This is called total internal reflection.
Computer viruses reproduce using the hardware and software already present on computers.
Gustaf VI Adolf participated in archaeological expeditions in China, Greece, Korea and Italy, and founded the Swedish Institute in Rome.
Throughout his life Whorf was a chemical engineer by profession, but as a young man he took up an interest in linguistics.
For these reasons, some astronomers suggest they belong in their own category, ice giants.
In practical use, it is typically the application of computer simulation and other forms of computation to problems in various scientific disciplines.
Endoparasites live inside the body of the host.
In 1859 Lies showed the first serious signs of tuberculosis.
The values of those JavaScript variables can be manually set within the code, or retrieved from static or dynamic JSON resources.
The business community and labor unions called for a two-day nationwide strike.
In addition, many students complained that their photos were being used without permission.
Winning one of these awards is considered to be a great honour.
Angry Birds is a video game franchise created by the Finnish company Rovio Entertainment.
From the middle of the tenth century, the Benedictine nuns had been replaced by a collegiate chapter of male canons.
Fossils have been found in North America.
There are organizations that provide support for people and families affected by epilepsy.
A force from Provence, led by Alphonse of Toulouse, chose to wait until August, and to cross by sea.
Euler's vision in that eye worsened throughout his stay in Germany, to the extent that Frederick referred to him as "Cyclops".
Raining animals is a rare meteorological phenomenon in which flightless animals fall from the sky.
Founded in Winnipeg, it had no affiliation with any church in Europe.
The minimum amount of energy needed for an electron to leave a surface is called the work function.
A euro referendum was held in Denmark resulting in a 53.2% vote against the government's proposal to join the euro.
Ikebana is the Japanese art of flower arrangement.
They are highly intelligent, and learn quickly.
Following the battle, fighting again spilled onto French soil, while Venice made a separate peace.
They have mouths full of sharp teeth, even on the tongue.
There is also a small airport.
The Korać Cup was named after the legendary Yugoslav player Radivoj Korać, killed in 1969 in a car accident near Sarajevo.
The tokonoma and its contents are essential elements of traditional Japanese interior decoration.
Technological factors include technological aspects like R&D activity, automation, technology incentives and the rate of technological change.
Austrian claims on those German states were renounced without exception.
The AH-1 was the backbone of the United States Army's attack helicopter fleet, but has been replaced by the AH-64 Apache in Army service.
A fire caused the collapse of the roof and a bomb destroyed part of the northern side.
One can freely move in space but not in time.
This may have been an attempt at explaining the theory of contemporary Greek astronomers such as Eratosthenes that the Earth is round.
The different sides of the mountain greatly differ from each other.
Such storms can last as little as a few hours or stretch on for centuries.
She must avoid excesses of language, and he must not trust in her age or her piety too easily.
In 1805, Joseph Louis Gay-Lussac and Alexander von Humboldt showed that water is composed of two parts hydrogen and one part oxygen.
A paleographical study at the British Museum in 1938 found that the text had undergone several corrections.
He can even survive in the vacuum of space.
Anscombe's quartet comprises four datasets that have nearly identical simple descriptive statistics, yet appear very different when graphed.
Following the easing of religious tensions there was some work to restore the cathedral.
Since the problem had withstood the attacks of the leading mathematicians of the day, Euler's solution brought him immediate fame when he was twenty-eight.
Under the terms of the Treaty, Bohemond agreed to become a vassal of the Emperor and to defend the Empire whenever needed.
The settlement of the Atrebates in Britain was not a mass population movement.
In this position, he supported the Emperor's interests and eventually became one of his closest advisors.
The university consists of 18 colleges and schools offering over 150 programs of study.
Everyone just keeps walking like zombies.
The second Amendment of the Constitution of the United States gives us the right to bear arms.
It is also used to make ice cream.
A robot may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm.
Relations further deteriorated when Chen invited anarchists, communists, and federalists to the movement.