At the end of the Forum, the participants followed the tradition of attending the UEFA Champions League Final.
In Moscow, with the support of the Sports Federation of the Blind, an Equal Opportunity Tournament was organized.
Cervantes' influence on the Spanish language has been so great that the language is often called la lengua de Cervantes ("the language of Cervantes").
This is what the great founder of our state, Vladimir Lenin, taught us.
It shares a border with every South American country except Ecuador and Chile.
Yes, Samantha, we in the Soviet Union are trying to do everything so that there will not be war on Earth.
Euler's identity is named after the Swiss mathematician Leonhard Euler.
Pavia fell after a siege of three years, in 572, becoming the first capital city of the new Lombard kingdom of Italy.
Apollo 12 was the sixth manned flight in the United States Apollo program and the second to land on the Moon.
Order of the British Empire, founded by King George V of the United Kingdom on 4 June 1917.
As a result, he considered the main task of military leaders to consist in the extensive preparation of all possible outcomes.
The palazzo is now the largest museum complex in Florence.
Fokker was a Dutch aircraft manufacturer named after its founder, Anthony Fokker.
The marriage was suggested as a way of creating friendship between Denmark and Sweden.
Their life expectancy is at least 10 years.
The municipal flag of Jerusalem is based on the flag of Israel.
The upperside is blue and the underside is green.
Educated Greek slaves were much in demand in Rome in the role of doctors and teachers, and educated men were a significant export.
While Greenberg did not like the album, he did like Nick's voice.
While Lake Kyoga is part of the African Great Lakes system, it is not itself considered a great lake.
The observations suggest 73% of the total energy density of today's universe is in this form.
Only two months after graduation, he published his first paper, on Albert Einstein's theory of general relativity.
Like many other medical conditions, obesity is the result of an interplay between genetic and environmental factors.
There is no specific treatment for the disease.
Grabowski was in charge of the first Esperanto courses for a few schools in Warsaw.
The film contains excerpts from speeches given by various Nazi leaders at the Congress, including Adolf Hitler.
Palladian architecture is a European style of architecture derived from and inspired by the designs of the Venetian architect Andrea Palladio (1508–1580).
She is named after French statesman and general Charles de Gaulle.
The UNHCR itself was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1954 and 1981.
Anaphylaxis is a severe allergic reaction of rapid onset affecting many body systems.
Heyerdahl advanced a theory according to which the Canaries had been bases of ancient shipping between America and the Mediterranean.
No one in our country–neither workers, peasants, writers nor doctors, neither grown-ups nor children, nor members of the government–want either a big or 'little' war.
Treatment requires the use of multiple antibiotics over a long period of time.
During the festival, there were friendly football matches and other events.
The Moon illusion is an optical illusion which causes the Moon to appear larger near the horizon than it does higher up in the sky.
After several more uprisings, the Saxons suffered definitive defeat in 804.
Analyses of the Moon's time-variable rotations indicate that the core is at least partly molten.
In Roman mythology, Neptune was the god of the sea, identified with the Greek Poseidon.
It is also capable of engaging more targets simultaneously.
Heavy monsoon rains around July and August cause occasional landslides that can block the road for hours or more.
In January 2003, she enrolled at the Stockholm University where she began studies in art history.
The route of the KKH traces one of the many paths of the ancient Silk Road.
Sensory systems code for four aspects of a stimulus; type (modality), intensity, location, and duration.
Since 2010 he writes a monthly column for the magazine Joods Actueel, the most widely circulated Jewish publication in Belgium.
The population accepted the overlordship of the King of Norway, although it continued to have its own law.
Ørsted made a significant contribution to chemistry by producing aluminium for the first time.
He was the curator of the first monographic exhibition about the Zamoyski Library.
The city was first established as the seat of the British colonial government.
The Diseases Database is a free website that provides information about the relationships between medical conditions, symptoms, and medications.
This relationship aroused many reactions and even Pericles' own son, Xanthippus, who had political ambitions, did not hesitate to slander his father.
Some astronomers believe that ring galaxies are formed when a smaller galaxy passes through the center of a larger galaxy.
The film's overriding theme is the return of Germany as a great power, with Hitler as the leader who will bring glory to the nation.